in 1998 , the yili autonomous prefecture cpc committee and the yili prefecture cpc committee made unified arrangements and sent on a trial basis several propaganda teams deep into the schools , villagers ' courtyards , and fields to carry out face - to - face propaganda among the people of all nationalities .
in many rural areas , the masses sat on the grassland , in the football fields , or under the trees and conscientiously listened to the propaganda lectures .
an old man from sadikeweizi village of sadikeweizi township in yining county firmly held a propaganda team member by hand , asking him to go to his house to give a lecture to his children . he said : " if only you had come here to give us propaganda lectures two years before !
yibulayin , a farmer from alamutuya village of yingyeer township in yining city , said : " a country is just like a family and the government is just like a parent . if the parent often teaches his children , his children will make fewer mistakes . "
when i first came here , i thought that it would be difficult for us to gather the villagers together and even if we could gather them together , some of them would leave the site before a propaganda lecture ended .
while carrying out the propaganda activity , the propaganda team members displayed a spirit of bearing hardships and enduring hard work .
in those seven days , in order to save time , they ate dry crusty pancakes and drank plain boiled water during the day and lived in the herdsmen 's yurts at night .
sometimes , they would especially rush to an area in order to give a propaganda lecture to only a few people .
apart from sparing no effort to carry out the propaganda activity from village to village , the propaganda team members also find time to help the local people tackle difficulties and problems in their production and livelihood and joined them in fighting the floods and providing disaster relief .
song jian , vice chairman of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference and president of the chinese academy of engineering , attended the appraisal meeting .
the traditional supercomputers are good at the scientific engineering computing only , while this super - server is good at both , thus being the mainstream of the high - end computers .
according to the statistics released in november 1999 , among the world 's 500 installed computers with the fastest theoretical operations speeds , 372 were super - servers , with their number tending to increase .
the peak floating - point millions of theoretical operations per second [ mtops ] of this super - server is 110,000 range ; its aggregate installed capacity is 50 gigabytes , which can be expanded to 80 gigabytes ; and its aggregate disk size is more than 600 gigabytes , which can be expanded to several thousands of gigabytes .
the shuguang 2000 - ii super server is equipped with abundant and complete software .
china has manufactured by itself a high - performance machine operation system that is supplemented with many kinds of popular high - class program languages and mainstream parallel programming environments and means .
to support its network information service , this super server is also installed with parallel network and e - mail service software , thus being able to support all kinds of popular database software .
economists here maintain that the strategy of developing western china was a timely one .
according to the concept , central and western china should first give consideration to the national interests by supporting the opening up and development of coastal areas in the east .
then , when the east has reached a certain stage of development , it should help central and western china speed up its development with even more resources in return .
moreover , owing to the deflation trend , the state has adopted certain active fiscal policies to boost the economy , creating the situation where the government can afford to support the development of the west with even more resources .
according to zeng peiyuan , minister in charge of the state development planning commission , this year the government will draw up additional preferential policies for encouraging foreign businesses to invest in western china and will spend more loans from international organizations on construction projects in the west .
this year , the state will continue to tilt its investments toward western china , the next five - year plan will include a special plan for the development of the west , and the government will invest a larger percentage of money incurred from floating national bonds in projects in western china .
according to the experts , china 's economic development in recent years has been hindered by inadequate demand at home , and considerable portion of technology and labor are seeking new areas of production , new markets , and new areas of development .
china has basically addressed the problem of feeding the people . its food supply is higher than demand . this has created the rare opportunity for the development of western china .
our forefathers said : preparedness ensures success , and unpreparedness spells failure , which means that in doing everything , it is necessary to make thorough preparations and well - conceived plans .
the central authorities stressed that in developing the western region , things must be done in accordance with the scientific law , as the formulation of scientific and meticulous plans is both demanded by the intrinsic law governing the regional economic development , and has definite objectives in view .
making a scientific plan will help maintain unflagging enthusiasm and enhance the prudent and rational spirit , so that good intentions will reap good results and the large - scale development of the western region will obtain great achievements .
a scientific plan has both its guiding function and binding force .
to draw up an authoritative plan , we must also pay attention to coordination and comprehensive equilibrium .
as a dozen provinces , municipalities , and autonomous regions as well as the xinjiang production and construction corps are involved in the western development , various localities , especially the neighboring provinces , municipalities , and autonomous regions , must coordinate with one another in drafting plans .
if they only proceed from the interests of their own provinces , areas , or units regardless of the overall situation of the western development , they are unable to play a harmonious and resonant symphony for the development of west china .
2 ) the masses ' wishes must be respected , and their initiative and creativeness must be brought into full play .
the practice for many years has shown that even if we do things with good intentions , we must also fully respect the masses ' wishes , and only by arousing the masses ' enthusiasm to work with one heart can we initiate an excellent situation for the western development .
news that has recently spread here indicates that some localities in the western region have introduced or are studying the introduction of preferential policies , hoping to import funds from the eastern region and foreign countries through various methods .
once their doubts and misgivings are cleared , they will vie with one another to make bold investment in the western region .
therefore , making a good plan is conducive to creating a fully appealing investment environment .
scientific , complete water conservancy construction plans must be drawn up in accordance with the demands of the overall mission and overall goals of national economic and social development , and must be in line with overall planning for national economic and social development .
the ministry of water resources must draw up a comprehensive national plan for water conservancy construction development to be used in guiding the work of water conservancy nationwide .
flood prevention and development plans must also be drawn up for the major river basins .
at the same time , plans for various types of special projects must be put in place .
water conservancy projects within a river basin must all be carried out under the guidance of the overall plan and the plan for the river basin .
flood prevention is the primary mission , and it is also work that must be done frequently and diligently .
flood prevention must be integrated with water conservation , ecological protection , and pollution prevention and control .
in addition , non - engineering measures such as meteorology , hydrology , monitoring , communications , information systems , and the like must be strengthened .
water conservancy projects must establish management while placing emphasis on the right things , which means that while project quality must be taken seriously , maintenance and upkeep must also be strengthened .
proper handling requires making the relationships among what is possible , the current situation and the long - term .
according to the unified plan , major issues relating to the national economy and people 's livelihood and urgent problems are resolved first , and moreover are integrated with the fulfillment of long - range planning goals .
according to the request made by general secretary jiang zemin , we must insist on taking time to reach decisions , comprehensive consideration , scientific selections and comparisons , and meticulous designs for major water conservancy projects .
fourth , ensure project quality .
in the recent period of time , in accordance with requests from the central government and relevant national regulations , the ministry of water resources has taken a series of measures to strengthen project quality management , and has achieved remarkable success .
however , many problems still remain in water conservancy projects .
wen jiabao stressed that flood prevention and drought resistance relate to the lives , property , and security of the people , and must be given high regard at all times .
third , we must raise the level of modern flood - prevention and drought resistance technology .
establish modernized meteorological , hydrological , and communications facilities , strengthen analysis and research of rainfall and water conditions , and improve the accuracy of forecasting .
he called on the comrades at the national prevention office to be faithful in the discharge of their duties , diligent and responsible , and to serve selflessly to raise the scientific level and efficiency of the work .
beijing , 3 feb (zts) - - the state council recently approved the establishment of a leadership group for the development of west china , to take overall charge of this development work . zhu rongji has been appointed head of the group , with wen jiabao as deputy head . the members include 17 ministerial - level officials .
the state council leadership group for west china development has an office subordinate to it ; a specific organ has been set up in the state development and planning commission , to undertake the day to day work of the leadership group .
china formally proposed implementing the strategy of major development of west china at the national economic work conference last year .
having been discussed until early this year , this major development strategy is gradually heating up . clues to the thinking on western development are also being gradually revealed .
during the exchanges and mutual visits , people of the same trades from the trade unions of both sides expressed their feelings of hope for reunification and opposition to separation .
to our regret , however , lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] openly trotted out the " two - state theory " when cross - strait relations were developing continuously , thus seriously undermining the foundation for the normal development of cross - strait relations and greatly damaging the interests of taiwan compatriots .
millions of staff and workers and trade unions at all levels throughout the country resolutely oppose this criminal act to split the motherland .
the principle of " one country , two systems " has been understood and accepted by more and more people .
the all - china women 's federation will continue to expand the exchanges and contacts with taiwan women and play its due role in achieving peaceful reunification of the two sides of the strait at an early date and opposing the splittist forces in taiwan .
history has proven and will continue to prove that only with the reunification of the motherland can the nation be revitalized comprehensively , and only with national unity can a more brilliant tomorrow be created .
bayinqolu said that in the new century , youths on both sides of the strait should cooperate and work hard together to attain the magnificent goal of the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation .
at the moment when we say goodbye to the old year and usher in the new year , the all - china federation of trade unions , the cyl central committee , and the all - china women 's federation extended spring festival greetings to the large numbers of laborers , youths , and women in taiwan .
what they regret , however , is that cross - strait ties have developed in tortuous fashion over the past five years .
chen zhengtong said that the taiwan people have a glorious patriotic tradition ; their aspirations to keep their way of life unchanged and to be masters in their own house are fully understood and respected by the cpc and the chinese people 's government .
this is because there is only one china , and taiwan is part of chinese territory ; this is undeniable fact , and no force can change in any way taiwan 's status as a part of chinese territory .
he greatly appreciated president jiang zemin 's remarks in the proposals on " strive to achieve peaceful reunification , chinese should not fight chinese . "
the taiwan people can only achieve happiness through reunification ; and only through reunification can the taiwan compatriots , together with the people of all nationalities in china , truly share in the international dignity and honor of the great motherland .
people on both sides of the strait entertain ardent hopes .
this is naked hegimonism and power politics , and an obvious violation against the three sino - us communiques . the attempts of anti - china politicians to obstruct china 's great cause of reunification by wantonly interfering in china 's internal affairs and backing up the splittist forces of " taiwan independence " is clearly disclosed .
tang jiaxuan notes in his message : china and the world need each other in their development .
it will come up with grand projects and accomplish them , and it will act as a good advisor and assistant to the cpc central committee and the state council .
- - the army , the police force , political - judicial organs , and party and government organs have stopped their involvement in business and in the running of enterprises , depriving some smugglers of their protection and shelter ; the effort against corruption has been intensified , echoing the antismuggling campaign .
the general administration of customs alone has investigated and handled 13 officials at the level of provincial department head or equivalent and 50 officials at the level of provincial section head or equivalent who have violated discipline and law .
- - measures for comprehensive improvement have been implemented and powerful joint forces have developed in the antismuggling campaign .
- - the law enforcement departments have continually conducted large - scale specialized antismuggling operations by focusing on key areas , key channels , and key commodities and kept up the high pressure on smuggling .
the responsible persons at customs emphasized that it is necessary to administer customs strictly and resolutely purge each and every " borer " discovered with no leniency whatsoever .
an effort should be made to significantly strengthen the leadership groups at various levels in the customs sector , significantly raise the quality of the cadre contingent , markedly improve their conduct and discipline , and effectively check the phenomena of corruption in law enforcement within the next two years .
his message reads : on the occasion of the joyous spring festival , i wish the motherland to be prosperous , wealthy , and strong , and the people happy and healthy .
now a task of top priority is to quickly build a mighty contingent of qualified personnel of various types who can meet the strategic needs of the massive development of the western region as well as a contingent of high - quality cadres .
to build a mighty contingent of qualified personnel of various types , it is necessary , above all , for the central authorities to make overall planning , to coordinate efforts to solve problems , and to rationally adjust the distribution and structure of qualified personnel , including the regional structure of quality personnel .
in coordination with relevant departments , the organization department of the cpc central committee is studying and making strategic planning for qualified personnel for the massive development of the western region , strengthening the backbone of the party and government leadership , and assigning high - standard professional personnel to the region through various channels .
by carrying out those measures , we should vigorously improve the age , educational , and professional structures of leading bodies at various levels in order to increase their vitality .
while continuing to do a good job in selecting and sending cadres to xinjiang and tibet , we should step up our efforts to train young cadres of various types to meet the needs of the development of the western region .
we should select in a planned way a number of outstanding young cadres for tempering themselves at central state organs or in economically developed areas with their original positions retained for them , in order to help them widen their field of vision , adopt new ideas , and increase their abilities .
in the past , as a result of rapid economic development and preferential policy on personnel in the eastern region , some qualified personnel in the western region went there to work .
efforts should be made to resolutely eliminate the corrupt phenomenon of spending public funds for wining , dining , and pleasure - seeking and to crack down on economic crimes of embezzling state development funds according to law , such as misappropriating public funds , embezzling public property , and striking deals between money and power .
the massive development of the western region will benefit future generations , and it has a bearing on the great cause of revitalizing the chinese nation in an all - round way . it will take longer - term , arduous efforts to accomplish the undertaking of massive development of the western region .
how can s & t training for troops be made scientific ?
guangzhou military region guided its officers and soldiers in adopting a concept of scientific training based on the demands of actual combat as the impetus , talented people as the foundation , s & t as the guide , the masses as the main body , and standardized execution of training .
the military region proposed that s & t training for troops must have instruction , scientific training , and scientific management .
these trainers employ new knowledge , new skills , new methods , and new measures as they execute 847 outstanding training subjects .
the military efforts were effective in improving the quality of s & t training for troops . in s & t training for troops , the guangzhou military region emphasizes transformation of the results of the training .
through the spread of training achievements , the achievements are transformed into overall unit combat power . since last year the military region has convened three onsite demonstrations of s & t training to research and discuss the s & t new training methods and new combat methods .
shanghai , 1 feb (zxs) - - at the first shanghai international industrial fair held at the end of last year , results of development in the fields of high technology , electronic information , electrical equipment , biomedicine , and new materials vividly revealed the new face of shanghai 's modern industrial sector .
the revolution in science and technology that took place in the world economy at the end of the twentieth century , comprised of information technology , biomedicine , new materials , new energy , and aerospace technology , brought with it an inherent tendency toward accelerated development .
only by accelerating the development of high technology and its related industries will we activate the qualitative leap in industrial structures and technological standards and capacities that will transform china in the 21 st century from a great industrialized nation into an industrial power .
our reporter has learned from relevant sources within the china state planning commission that development of china 's high - tech industry will proceed in conformity with promoting economic and social development and stimulating structural adjustments and upgrading . currently , three main responsibilities have been identified : - - to accelerate the coordinated development of the information industry .
in the 20 th century , beginning from the early 1990 's , china 's information industry has consistently shown an annual growth rate of more than 30 percent , and this makes it one of the most rapidly developing sectors of the national economy .
it is for this reason that the market outlook for the information industry in china is so optimistic . it is estimated that by the year 2010 this industry 's market capacity will reach 6 trillion rmb .
for this reason we are selecting those key areas or key links that have favorable prospects , where the degree of industrial linkage will be significant , and which can drive the entire mechanism for critical breakthroughs , and through these we will vigorously strive to realize a leap in high - tech development .
this type of interdependence and mutual stimulus would be difficult to ignore .
hong kong , 5 february (xna) - - people living in the chung uk village of lam tsuen in tai po in the new territories today had an unexpected first day of the lunar new year , the year of the dragon .
just like before , hundreds of villagers gathered at the square in front of the ancestral hall of the chung family to have mass greetings .
tung chee - hwa and his wife conveyed new year greetings to villagers one by one , and gave out chocolate coins as well as lively mini paper dragons , wishing them a smooth - going dragon year and the vigor of a dragon and a tiger .
accompanied by the villagers ' representative , tung chee - hwa and his wife looked over the ancestral hall of the chung family .
tung chee - hwa and his wife conveyed new year 's greeting to the whole family . the family greeted the chief executive and his wife , and treated them to home - made festival food .
lam tsuen has enjoyed a long history . the ancestors of the villagers relocated here in the late years of song dynasty , which was 700 years ago .
chung uk village is a small village in lam tsuen , with about 180 residents .
shelley lau , director of home affairs , and other people accompanied tung chee - hwa and his wife to visit the chung - uk village .
beijing , 6 feb ( xinhua ) - - the china development bank has adopted effective measures to actively ward off and resolve financial risks .
as a major effort to prevent financial risks , the bank has also strengthened the separation of bad assets . last year alone , the bank separated 100 billion yuan of bad assets and signed 21 framework agreements on conversion of loans into equity , with the sum of converted loans reaching 21.7 billion yuan in renminbi .
moscow , 6 feb ( xinhua ) - - the russian federation security council , chaired by acting prime minister putin , recently approved the draft of a new military doctrine .
the new doctrine stresses that when russia itself and its allies suffer aggression , and a war aimed at destroying russia cannot be stopped by conventional weapons , russia has the right to use nuclear weapons .
this shows that russia will be the first to launch a nuclear attack , when it believes it necessary .
the russian military emphasizes that the new military doctrine gives russia the right to take the initiative in launching a nuclear strike against the enemy .
the three baltic states and certain mideast countries are also eager to try to join nato at an early date .
after that , ignoring the opposition of many countries , including russia , and without un authorization , us - led nato wantonly waged a 78 - day large - scale air war against the yugoslav federation .
acting russian prime minister putin specifically pointed out at the recent russian federation security council meeting that the new military doctrine is " a reply to nato . "
this means that russia now regards us - led nato as its " no . 1 imaginary enemy . "
yeshin , director of the military construction bureau of the council , said that due to its economic difficulties and shortage of military funds , russia cannot fight a conventional war with nato for the foreseeable future .
in order to be respected by others , it is essential to maintain nuclear potential and regard nuclear weapons as " political instruments for curbing the enemy . "
all kinds of gang crimes have become a major factor affecting social stability and economic growth .
military analysts here believe that the new russian military doctrine is an expansion and extension in the military sphere of the " russian security concept " which was adopted in january , and is also a " war warning . "
nato will think thrice about taking major military action again that threatens russia and its allies .
nuclear arms will play a still greater deterrent role as the " trump cards " preserving russia 's great power status and vital interests .
article 2 the renminbi stated in these regulations refers to the currency issued in accordance with law by the people 's bank of china , including banknotes and coins .
article 3 the legal currency of the prc is the renminbi .
all units and individuals should not reject any payments of public or personal debts with the renminbi within the boundary of the prc .
article 4 the unit of the renminbi is the yuan , and the fractional currencies of the renminbi are the jiao and the fen .
one yuan equals 10 jiao , and one jiao equals 10 fen .
the renminbi is paid by denomination .
article 6 all units and individuals should take good care of the renminbi , and be prohibited from damaging the renminbi or obstructing the circulation of the renminbi .
chapter ii design and printing article 7 the new version of the renminbi was organized and designed by the people 's bank of china , and submitted to the state council for approval .
article 11 the original version and the grand master pattern used in printing the renminbi should be sealed up for safekeeping by the people 's bank of china after use .
article 12 such important items as the particular material , technology , workmanship , and special equipment for printing the renminbi are state secrets .
the enterprise for printing the renminbi and relevant personnel should guard state secrets . all units and individuals must not provide the information to outsiders without approvals from the people 's bank of china .
article 13 without approvals from the people 's bank of china , units and individuals must not develop , imitate , import , sell , purchase , or use the specific anti - counterfeit material , anti - counterfeit technology , anti - counterfeit workmanship , and special equipment used in printing the renminbi .
chapter iii issuance and recovery article 15 the renminbi is issued uniformly by the people 's bank of china .
article 16 when the people 's bank of china issues a new version of the renminbi , it is necessary to report to the state council for approval .
the people 's bank of china should make a public announcement on the issuing time , denomination , and major features of the corrected renminbi .
the people 's bank of china must not pay financial institutions with the corrected renminbi before a public announcement on the issuance of the corrected renminbi is made .
article 18 the people 's bank of china may issue commemorative currencies according to need .
commemorative currencies are the renminbi of limited issuance and with specific themes , including ordinary commemorative currencies and precious - metal commemorative currencies .
the people 's bank of china must not pay financial institutions with commemorative currencies before a public announcement on the issuance of the commemorative currencies is made .
the renminbi issuance funds are the renminbi that have not entered into circulation and kept by the renminbi issuance treasury of the people 's bank of china .
the allocation of the renminbi issuance funds should be processed in accordance with the regulations of the people 's bank of china .
units and individuals are not allowed to violate regulations to draw on the renminbi issuance funds , nor are they allowed to disturb or obstruct allocation of the renminbi issuance funds .
article 21 circulation suspension of any specific version of the renminbi should be reported to the state council for approval , and announced to the public by the people 's bank of china .
the people 's bank of china must not pay financial institutions renminbi that are flawed or stained , and financial institutions must not use flawed or stained renminbi for external payments .
specific procedures should be formulated by the people 's bank of china .
chapter iv circulation and protection article 24 the financial institutions that handle the business of the renminbi deposit and withdrawal should handle the business of regulating various renminbi bills based on the principle of reasonable requirements .
article 26 an approval from the people 's bank of china is required for binding and operation of renminbi that are in circulation .
the renminbi design stated in the previous clauses includes enlarged and miniaturized renminbi designs and the renminbi designs of the original size .
article 28 the renminbi prototype is banned from circulation .
the renminbi prototype management procedures are regulated by the people 's bank of china .
sales and purchases of forged or altered renminbi are prohibited .
the financial institutions that handle the business of the renminbi deposit and withdrawal should hand over all the confiscated forged or altered renminbi to the local branches of the people 's bank of china .
the business affairs institutions of the commercial banks owned exclusively by the state and authorized by the people 's bank of china should hand over all the confiscated forged or altered renminbi to the local branches of the people 's bank of china .
article 36 the financial institutions that handle the business of the renminbi deposit and withdrawal should adopt effective measures to guard against the use of forged or altered renminbi for external payments .
the financial institutions that handle the business of the renminbi deposit and withdrawal should provide on the business sites the service of verifying the truth and falsehood of the renminbi without asking for compensation .
article 37 the forged or altered renminbi should be uniformly destroyed by the people 's bank of china .
the national standard of the anti - counterfeit instrument for verifying the renminbi is formulated by the people 's bank of china and relevant departments , which provide assistance to organizations for implementation of the standard .
the industrial and commercial administration organs and other relevant administrative law enforcement organs should destroy the renminbi design used illegally .
article 46 if the people 's bank of china , public security organs , industrial and commercial administration organs , and employees of these organizations violate stipulations of these regulations , the people directly in charge and other personnel indirectly in charge will be given administrative penalties in accordance with law .
at three o ' clock in the afternoon , jia qinglin and his wife lin youfang brought their grand daughter to the ditan temple fair . they , together with a large crowd of people , walked into the west gate of the park .
seeing that children were performing peking opera with an excellent style as well as with a loud and clear voice , jia qinglin asked them how old they were .
the young performers answered : nine years old .
jia qinglin told his grand daughter : you are eight years old now . you should learn from these elder brothers and sisters .
liu qi and others viewed the folk art performances presented by people from various localities .
on the united nations ' role , wang guangya emphatically expounded the chinese government 's stand that it hopes the united nations will play a more active role in peacefully settling international disputes .
he pointed out : the various norms governing international relations , including the five principles of peaceful coexistence , established after wwii meet the requirements of historical development and progress of times .
these norms , " particularly the principle of sovereignty equality and non - interference in other countries ' internal affairs , are absolutely not outdated " .
he also severely denounced some countries for putting regional organizations above the un security council or even bypassing the un security council to carry out military intervention in a sovereign country , pointing out that such practice has " severely damaged the existing international collective security mechanism , and the consequences are extremely dangerous . "
the two - day international security policy conference closed on 6 february .
about 200 high - level government delegates and experts from 30 countries attended the conference .
china , india , and japan sent high - level government delegates for the first time to attend the conference .
the 23 - minute nine - part fireworks show began at 0800 pm [ 1200 gmt ] .
tung chee - hwa , chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region , presided over the " ceremony to light the auspicious dragon lantern " and watched the fireworks show with hong kong people .
in this year 's new year fireworks show featuring a large number of series of varieties , fireworks of more than 200 varieties in 16 series were used .
different parts of the show had different colors and arrangements to create different views .
various places and units have laid stress on seriously studying and implementing comrade jiang zemin 's important speech at the fourth plenary meeting of the central commission for discipline inspection .
in sichuan province , the secretary of the provincial party committee and the governor have assumed full responsibility for improving the style of the party , building a clean and honest government , and fighting against corruption . they have divided this year 's anti - corruption work into 10 major tasks and 36 specific tasks .
they have attached importance to improving relations between party organizations and the masses and between cadres and the masses so as to promote stability and economic development in rural areas .
bush got 30 percent of the vote , placing him second .
analysts believe that the new hampshire primary means that bush is facing a serious new challenge , and also shows that the struggle for the republican party nomination is getting much hotter .
however , this little state occupies a decisive position during the presidential primaries , and not only can it make the next president , it can also bury the political prospects of presidential candidates .
the situation over the past 10 - 20 years shows that most of those who gain the white house have won in the new hampshire primaries .
his campaign strategy relies heavily on the economic card , energetically touting the economic achievements since he and clinton took office as well as claiming that only he has the experience and the ability to " maintain america 's prosperity . "
bradley tried to turn the situation around in new hampshire after his resounding defeat in the iowa primary , but was ineffective .
gore said that the new hampshire primary was a " crushing blow " to bradley .
the new hampshire primaries have turned the original five - man race in the republican party into a two - man struggle , with fight for the nomination being primarily between bush and mccain .
there he adopted the campaign strategy of " concentrating superior forces , " throwing more time and money into it than any other candidate did and organizing more than 100 voter rallies statewide .
in the polls conducted before the primary , support for mccain exceed that for bush for eight weeks in a row .
during the campaign , bush stated that his large tax cut plan represents the interest of conservative republicans , and that he is the only one with the ability to take back the white house in the presidential election in november .
he charged that mccain 's tax cut plan was similar to that of clinton 's .
he has indicated that he would pursue campaign finance reforms to eliminate money 's influence in politics .
public opinion believes that in new hampshire , independents voters - - who are neither democratic nor republican - - account for as much as 40 percent , and this part of the electorate played an important role in mccain 's primary victory .
following new hampshire , gore and bradley will start a new round of competition on march 7 .
at that time , 16 states nationwide will conduct primaries on the same day .
prior to the 7 march primaries , the republican presidential candidates will also confront each other again in delaware , south carolina , arizona , and michigan .
the world economic forum 's first meeting of the new millennium held in the small town of davos in eastern switzerland spanned six days and came to a close on 1 february .
about 3,000 well - known figures in political , economic , and academic circles from more than 100 countries and territories embraced the theme of " new beginning , new ideas " to discuss the future developments and prospects of international politics , economics , and science and technology .
the focus of this annual meeting is no longer on how to resolve the thorny crisis situation ; rather it is to explore the more basic , long - term issues in world economic development .
economic globalization has made the countries around the world increasingly more dependent on one another for economic development .
the united states ' economy has been the engine driving world economic growth in recent years .
to date , that economy has sustained 107 months of continuous growth .
in the " new economic " era , when information technology continues to drive economic growth , the united states ' economy continues to have growth potential , but there is also potential danger in their stock market bubble and soaring corporate and personal debt .
in addition , china 's economy as a growing force to be reckoned with in the global economy is another area that attracted much attention .
wu bangguo said china 's development cannot be separated from the rest of the world , and world prosperity also needs china .
upon joining the wto , china will enjoy its rights but will also fulfill its obligations .
in view of the failure of the minister - level wto meeting in seattle , many participants wondered when another round of multilateral trade talks should be launched .
british prime minister tony blair said the international community should learn from the failure of the seattle meeting and let a new round of negotiations bring forth more benefits even sooner .
jordan 's king abdullah ii said in his speech that today more than half of the world 's population is still subsisting on less than $ 2 a day , while the richest one - fifth of the world 's population owns more than 66 times the resources of the poorest one - fifth .
south africa 's president mbeki said that the information revolution brought by the internet has further widened the gap between the developing and the developed countries .
he said that to narrow the gap , the developing countries must unite and take the same stand in the new round of multilateral trade negotiations to make it a bona fide " development round . "
at this annual meeting of the world economic forum , president arafat of the palestinian authority described in his speech a construction blueprint for the middle east after achieving peace there .
he once again called upon the international community to take steps to salvage the peace process so that the middle east people can look forward to a peaceful , free , and prosperous new century .
this annual meeting was held at the beginning of the new millennium under fairly good world economic conditions , but klaus schwab , founder of the world economic forum , said at the opening ceremony on the 27 th that people must not be complacent .
wan guoquan , president of the china council for promoting peaceful reunification , spoke at the meeting .
he expressed the belief that through cross - strait talks , a solution can surely be found that will not only satisfy the wishes and demands of taiwan compatriots but also fully take into consideration the interests of various social classes in taiwan .
more and more taiwan compatriots will finally come to believe that the " one country , two systems " is the best way to safeguard the interests of all concerned .
he said that hainan will realistically protect the legitimate rights and interests of taiwan investors in hainan , further promote and actuate the building of the cross - strait ( hainan ) agricultural cooperative experimental zone , and give further impetus to exchanges and cooperation between the two islands of hainan and taiwan .
in the meantime , he also affirmed the contributions made by taiwan compatriots in hainan 's development and construction .
representatives of taiwan compatriots , taiwan businessmen , family members of taiwan compatriots and related organs and mass organizations gave speeches at the forum one after another .
lee ch ' iung - mei , vice president of the provincial committee of the all - china federation of taiwan compatriots , said : president jiang zemin 's speech given five years ago showed strong affections and sincerity , having a very strong influential power .
the reunification of the motherland and family reunion symbolize the love of compatriots and the basic demands of national sentiments .
cai changsong , deputy secretary of the hainan provincial cpc committee ; hong shouxiang , standing committee member of the provincial party committee and director of the propaganda department ; and li dongsheng and wang qiongying , vice governors of hainan province , attended the forum .
it said : life will only become harder if us forces are garrisoned for the long term in kosovo .
i cannot help but recall two old chinese sayings after reading this article : getting enmeshed in a web of one 's own spinning , and lifting a rock only to drop it on one 's own feet , which truly portray the dilemma in which the united states is caught in kosovo .
last march , us - led nato flaunted the banner of humanitarianism , and wantonly and indiscriminately bombed the federal republic of yugoslavia [ fry ] without un security council authorization .
for a period of time , the us government , public , and media boasted enormously about their victory and were insufferably arrogant .
however , as time goes by , some people have to admit that the severity of the outcome of this war is unexpected .
ethnic conflicts have intensified further instead of disappearing after us - led nato troops were garrisoned in kosovo in the name of un peacekeeping .
us defense secretary cohen flew to munich last week , hoping also to work on the european allies .
he complained : us forces serve as policemen in kosovo but lack the training required , and the us government does not wish them to do such work . the kosovo situation has the tendency to get out of control , and the european allies should shoulder more obligations .
according to us claims , the european allies have agreed to garrison police units in kosovo , and will form a multinational force before april this year to uphold peace in kosovo , so that us forces can extricate themselves .
some people even believe that the united states asked for it since it refused to heed advice initially and had made a mess of things .
people here opined : the prerequisite for the united states to militarily withdraw from kosovo is the agreement of european countries to fill the vacuum left by us forces , but persuading the european allies to help clear up the messy situation is easier said than done .
the united states has always wanted to become the world 's big brother , and has promoted power politics and hegemonism everywhere . if it continues to be its old self , it will not be able to avoid the disastrous roads of failure it took in north korea , vietnam , somalia , and other places .
professor chang lin - chih of taiwan university pointed out in a taiwan tv program that the taiwan authorities have erected obstacles over the question of cross - strait transport links , with the result that it is completely impossible to develop the " asia - pacific operations center . "
taiwan 's chang jung aviation , which is closely following china airlines in establishing an office in beijing , will also soon establish an office in shanghai .
in order to respond to the vast business opportunities in the future when there are direct cross - strait flights , taiwan 's fu hsing aviation has spent a huge sum on buying medium and long - range versions of the european airbus .
as for sea transport , all shipping companies hold that direct routes represent the inevitable trend , and it is absolutely impossible to ignore the important status and impact of the mainland 's vast market in asia .
in the past few years , though cross - strait relations have gone through twists and turns as well as storms , tremendous changes have also taken place in this regard .
all this eloquently proves that the desire of the chinese people to realize the reunification of the motherland is an irresistible historical trend .
hong kong and macao have successively returned to the motherland , and the historic task of striving to settle the taiwan issue and realizing the reunification of the motherland at an early date is now ever more prominently placed before us .
hong kong and macao have returned to the motherland one after the other , and the influence produced by the practice of " one country , two systems " has been continuously increasing .
now more and more people favor " one country , two system " ; since it has successfully solved the hong kong and macao questions , it can certainly apply to settle the taiwan issue .
in the course of " equal consultation and mutual discussion on reunification " as called by wang daohan , chairman of the association for relations across the taiwan strait (arats) , everything possible should be done to maintain the status quo and to not harm the fundamental interests of the parties concerned .
( 2 ) the course of reunification : the objective of reunifying the motherland can be achieved step by step .
the " two - state " theory has also been rebuffed everywhere in the international community .
the fact that the principle of one china has been widely accepted by the international community shows that the " two - state " theory is but a lost move by the taiwan separatist forces as a result of their misappraisal of the situation .
the vital interests , major principles , and great justice of the chinese nation require the reunification of the motherland .
it should be particularly pointed out here that the principle of one china is the most important basis of cross - strait relations .
when the principle of one china is observed , there will be an opportunity for the development and improvement of cross - strait relations ; otherwise , cross - strait relations will be bound to come to a halt or even retrograde .
( 2 ) to prevent " taiwan independence " and interference by foreign forces , we must effectively make preparations for safeguarding the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the country .
of course , peaceful reunification cannot be accomplished at one stroke , and the fulfillment of the ultimate objective may include the following stages and measures : ( 1 ) any questions can be discussed during the political negotiations under the premise of one china .
as the first step , the two sides of the strait may first conduct negotiations on the formal end of hostilities .
( 3 ) increasing mutual trust : the chinese people on both sides of the strait are of the same origin , and there is no fundamental conflict of interest between them that cannot be resolved .
but the " two - state " theory is a stumbling block to the development of cross - strait relations .
after the return of hong kong and macao to the motherland , the chinese nation will certainly be able to usher in a glorious , historical moment of complete reunification of the motherland .
most of the reports are replete with skepticism over this russian strongman .
the united states , however , did not respond in kind to dissolve the military bloc of nato on the basis of the " common values of all mankind . "
following the disintegration of the soviet union , the russian federation again faced the danger of yet another disintegration because of the " phenomenon of chechen , " which is a nation within a nation . "
we should say that russia 's major restructuring of its external security system is a response , which russia is forced to make because of the west 's insatiable , step - by - step moves to squeeze its strategic space , and absolutely not because of russia 's bellicosity .
the fact is that this theory is nothing but a hypocritical subterfuge . who in those developed countries with strong economic growth and lavish consumption habits have given any food to the starving african children struggling on the line of death , basing on the belief that that " human rights take precedence over sovereignty " ?
the first one was britain 's release of chile 's former president , pinochet .
thus , extraditing pinochet to spain would be an extremely complex and sensitive international event , and britain , after considering the issue very carefully , dared not set this dangerous precedence .
the second incidence was : when chechen 's secessionist force was at the critical point where its very existence was at stake , and sought help , even military intervention , from the united states , the us government , while expressing profound sympathies , flatly rejected the request .
the us government has been strongly condemning russian troops for creating a " humanitarian crisis " in chechen .
if the united states chose to act according to the theory that " human rights take precedence over sovereignty , " then it should feel justify to send troops to chechen , just as it did when it invaded yugoslavia during the kosovo war .
but american people fully understand what will be the consequence of their intervention in the chechen war. they fully understand that it is not in the national interests of the united states .
many world events happening after cold war have vividly illustrated this fact , namely : although globalization has had a profound impact on the world , the core of international relations remains politics buttressed by strength and national interests .
while globalization has weakened the traditional national interests , it cannot replace the fundamental national interests .
the wealth of the united states belongs to the united states . the resources in china belong to china . british patents belong to britain .
national interests are still the basic principle that countries all over the world follow in making decisions or taking actions .
in the early winter morning , the great desert seemed sound asleep , and the whole area was in darkness as our cross - country jeep drove in .
inside the jeep we were enjoying the darkness , because no one could find us .
the date was 20 november 1999 , a day written in the glorious annals of the chinese nation .
our vehicle was so close to the launching tower , and we could clearly see the long arms of the shiny green launching tower embracing a milk - white new type of rocket pointing at the sky .
all kinds of thoughts were thronging my mind at the time , but i did not say anything , i was afraid that the others in the vehicle were in a state of anxiety , for this after all was china 's first test - launch of a spaceship .
do not think for a moment that i , a female in the military , am stupidly brave , in fact i " know what 's what " and i am familiar with the veterans in charge of the spaceship 's destiny .
i just wanted to watch the " shenzhou " soar into the heaven from nearby . . .
wang yongzhi [ 3769 3057 1807 ] is the chief designer in china 's manned spaceflight project , and so far the missiles and carrier rockets designed under his charge have never failed .
it is no surprise that chief designer wang attracts young men .
i really admire chief designer wang 's powers of attraction .
sun gongling 's eyes were bright as he said this , as if he had already seen the spacecraft soaring into the sky .
he quickly added something worth pondering : " a man 's attraction lies in his wisdom and boldness . "
that was in june 1964 , when wang yongzhi went to the gobi for the first time to undertake the task of launching the first medium - short - range missiles developed by china itself .
during the test firing , the missile 's range was not long enough .
the experts considered how to add more propellant to the rocket , but as the rocket ' fuel tanks were limited , it was not possible to feed in any more .
just when everyone was racking their brains to think of a solution , a young lieutenant stood up and said : " if the propellant temperature is high when the rocket is launched , its density will be reduced , thus the motor 's throttle characteristic will change accordingly .
after calculation , if 600 kg of fuel are unloaded from the rocket , the missile will hit the target . "
someone said impolitely : " the rocket 's capacity was already insufficient , yet you want to remove some of the fuel ? "
pointing at wang yongzhi , qian xuesen said to the chief designer : " this young man 's opinion is correct , and do as he says ! "
it turned out that the rocket 's range lengthened after some of the propellant was removed , and all the three missiles launched hit the target .
the iron arms on the launch tower opened up , and the long rapier in the crystal palace , outlined against the sky , displayed its heroic posture .
i knew that it would be wang yongzhi controlling the rocket bundle 's " portrait rights . "
on 16 july 1990 when china successfully launched its first rocket bundle at xichang , he had been the chief person responsible for its development .
i concentrated my gaze on a tall and straight rocket ; it contained a great deal of new technology , such as that used for checking and dealing with faults , and it was completely reliable .
the manned spaceflight project has seven major subsystems , and each system has a chief designer and director .
liu zhusheng [ 0491 4554 3932 ] , chief designer of the rocket , jokingly said to me : " chief designer wang has never asked me if the rocket will work properly , i really wanted to tell him that he need not worry , there is no problem with the rocket . "
that day i told wang yongzhi what liu zhusheng had said . gratified , chief wang smiled : " i know liu zhusheng , he is very careful . "
it seemed that the alarm bell needed to ring for a long time .
at this time the launch tower was completely opened up , and the rocket and spacecraft were all displayed before our eyes .
the three - cabin scheme for the spacecraft was proposed by wang yongzhi .
it means : the orbital cabin is the place where the astronauts live and work ; the reentry cabin is the spacecraft 's control center , and the astronauts sit in there during the launch and reentry ; and the propulsion cabin provides energy and power for the spacecraft in orbit and in reentry .
there were different opinions on this .
the spaceflight departments proposed : the risk of sending up a prototype spacecraft is too great , and we should have a good match to be on the safe side .
wang yongzhi went to consult shen rongjun [ 3088 2837 7486 ] : " we should attach a spacecraft to the rocket , but what happens if progress on the spacecraft 's motor lags behind ? "
and for lieutenant general shen rongjun , deputy director of china 's manned spaceflight , the pressure was very heavy , because he strongly advocated that the first launch of the spacecraft must go into space and successfully return .
his decisionmaking choice was related to whether this undertaking would succeed or fail , and he profoundly felt the great difficulty of his task .
this china 's first spacecraft launch .
minister cao gangchuan and political commissar li jinai know their subordinates sufficiently well to delegate appropriate responsibilities to them ; they handed to shen rongjun the heavy task of the manned spaceflight and let him take overall responsibility .
when the jiuquan satellite launch site was starting construction in the late 1950 's , shen rongjun , who had just graduated from university , volunteered to go to the great desert ; by now he has taken part in and directed more than 50 missile tests and rocket and satellite launches .
he is a renowned spaceflight observation and control expert and also a launch controller of great experience .
this means that he shoulders heavy burdens .
on 4 october shen rongjun was told in a urgent phone call from the launch site that there was a problem with a part of the spacecraft 's control system .
the following day he flew to the launch site and immediately convened a technical discussion meeting on whether to open up the craft to carry out crash repairs .
shen rongjun resolutely decided : " we cannot run the risk in space !
so long as the organization is tight , and the measures effective , mistakes on the ground can be avoided . "
i looked toward the launch tower ; the tip of the spacecraft atop the rocket glinted in the dark desert as it moved away from the tower . 13 november , the spacecraft arrives at the launch site .
the road was lined with tall xinjiang poplars standing up fine , straight , and sturdy in the desert , like sentinels guarding a narrow path . they gave people a feeling of exhilaration .
two days previously , i and he had passed neat rows of hot houses covering 150 mu , where cucumbers , tomatoes , peppers and other seasonal vegetables were growing sturdily .
the car stopped in front of a large construction ; the spacecraft was just being transported in the sun to the rocket general assembly and testing plant . we followed behind and entered a brain city .
commander liu introduced them to me in a very familiar way ; it was not at all easy for so many parameters to be accurate , and i was amazed at his memory ; i even wondered whether or not i needed to put so many hard to remember figures into a microcomputer .
liu mingshan is a good talker ; after graduating from university he left for the gobi , and now he has been there 33 years and has witnessed the launch of 33 satellites from the space city plus various types of missiles and carrier rockets .
i took the liberty to ask : " does your wife work here ? "
i remember her with gratitude to the end of my life ! "
at this moment , the winter sunlight was on his face , and i could see tears in his eyes .
he suddenly reproached himself : " she cried out several times that she had stomach pain , why did i not get her to the hospital sooner ? "
seeing what i was thinking , he said quietly : " renjin had stomach cancer .
i can never forget her lying on the sick bed , exhorting me with her last breath : you must get the spacecraft into space . "
that afternoon i went into the space city history museum ; a photograph of liu mingshan 's wife pan renjin was on an honor board ; a senior colonel , she was smiling , and she appeared young and very pretty .
she was an outstanding technical cadre standard - bearer here , and also an outstanding party member , who had won many awards .
her main work here was to monitor the site 's electromagnetic compatibility .
in accordance with pan renjin 's will , her ashes were buried in the dongfeng martyrs mausoleum .
the desert wind blowing outside the mausoleum brings the rockets ' thunder past the neat rows of memorials , and there is peace after the wind has passed ; it is as peaceful as dreamland .
in a man 's life there is a kind of constant remembrance of gratitude , there is one thought that endures for ever , and there is a kind of person who walks alone .
liu mingshan is now alone , he shoulders the important commission of the motherland and people to achieve the hope his wife voiced with the dying breath - - to launch the " shenzhou ! "
i have come over from the hustle of the launching site , and many times i have seen lieutenant general shen rongjun and lieutenant general hu shixiang [ 5170 0013 4382 ] , who is now deputy director of the installation department , directing satellite launches .
however , they have the posture of generals , and they can disguise their feelings and pull through , until the launch has succeeded .
dawn is just breaking over the launch site , and i am happy to see the rocket pointing at the sky ; " good weather , favorable terrain , and friendly people " are all present , and probably nothing frightening will happen .
shen rongjun and hu shixiang exchanged views , then gave the decisive order : " launch according to plan .
later i found out that the four " yuanwang " ships had overcome seven strong typhoons and passed through many complex and dangerous sea areas in steaming a total of 62,000 nautical miles in 259 days , equivalent to three times around the world , and they completely fulfilled their sea monitoring and control tasks .
at 0630 , the great desert trembled , the firmament shook , and orange flames lifted the rocket and the spacecraft with thunderous roar into the sky and into space .
in his view , manned spaceflight is a life project .
in 1997 , the day after completing the task of astronaut selection , he received an order to enter the jiuquan satellite launch center .
on 13 november , i witnessed a huge iron hook installing the spacecraft onto the rocket nose , over 90 meters high !
tense , my hands were sweating .
is there not a saying : the skilled are bold ?
i also saw here xu kejun [ 1776 0344 0193 ] , chief engineer at the launch site .
the article he wrote entitled " china 's future launch sites should have two big technological progress features , " which was published in zairen hangtian [ manned spaceflight ] magazine in 1995 , was praised by china 's famous scientist qian xuesen .
one is 30 years older than the other .
chief designer qi said to yuan jiajun [ 5913 1367 6511 : " i took part in developing china 's first satellite when i was 30 , and you are taking part in directing the development of china 's first spacecraft at the age of 37 . "
chief qi said : " i hope that there will be successors in china 's space flight , with each generation getting stronger . "
he readily replied : " i have a clear idea of the technical plans and have considered them quite carefully .
i will not only fulfill on time the task assigned me by the leadership but will ensure that it exceeds the leadership 's expectations . "
greeting the first dawn of 2000 , a national flag of special significance was hoisted over tiananmen square - - the five - star red flag that flew through space with " shenzhou " fluttered in the first dawn of the new year , to greet new glory for china 's space flight .
in the last 20 years , china 's science and technology research has made achievements which have gained the attention of the people of the world .
in recent years , some domestic departments in charge of scientific research have shown a notably excessive emphasis on evaluating in terms of how many articles are published abroad .
the evaluation of scientific research personnel by many scientific research departments has frequently indiscriminately considered the publishing of one article abroad as equal to publishing one or more articles domestically , resulting to a great degree in attracting chinese academic articles to publishing abroad .
this means that in a period of 15 years , the number of articles published in scientific and technical periodicals domestically in china fell relatively by 26.2 percent .
in addition , the isi database manifests a notable regional disparity in regard to the number of publications sourced in regard to certain regions . the number of publications sourced to certain countries or regions in the isi database is not in conformity with the scientific and technological levels or overall power of certain countries or regions .
if china 's high - level scientific research results are for the most part published in foreign science and technical journals , due to the factors of cost and channels of distribution , it will be difficult to see that these results receive simultaneous first reporting domestically .
in addition , the national commission for natural sciences funding and the chinese science association have begun a joint provision of set amounts of funding to 100 outstanding science and technical periodicals . this definitely will promote the further heightening of the quality of these magazines .
in these respects , china 's domestic publications at present include only a minute number of scientific and technical journals , which are in an initial stage of development and await strengthening .
china 's scientific and technical journals should additionally fully pay attention to publicity and distribution work .
compared with the complete marketing networks and contacts and advanced advertising methods employed by foreign publishers , the level of china 's distribution work for its scientific and technical periodicals is still relatively backward , and this is extremely obvious in the existing 148 english editions of scientific and technical publications .
what is clintonism , and what does it involve ? [ jin yinan ] since monroe was elected president in 1817 , many us presidents have given their name to a " doctrine . "
the new doctrine of " clintonism " has emerged since the gulf war and the breakup of the soviet union .
clinton is the first us president in half a century to have done no military service .
now in the eighth year of his presidency , he has become the president who has issued the greatest number of air strike orders in history .
what she said when sounding off against joint chiefs of staff chairman powell in 1993 has already become a famous saying in us political circles : " you are always talking about our super military forces !
but what is the point of having these forces if we cannot use them ? "
the fiery albright gave the true essence of clintonism : " use these forces , " so that the world will know " the point of possessing them . "
this then is the post - cold war world in us eyes .
clintonism is military hegemonism in a unipolar world , which takes us interventionist policy to the limits .
the unga of september 1999 became a watershed in explaining clintonism .
at the unga , western opinion universally held that the united states would give a comprehensive exposition of clintonism , which was very much in the limelight .
clinton 's address to the unga on 21 september , however , greatly disappointed these people .
this low - key address caused sparse applause among the delegates , in sharp contrast to his address in 1998 , which was followed by a standing ovation .
it was precisely in the kosovo war , the peak of this military intervention , that clinton looked on helplessly at the inability of his doctrine to equal his ambition .
since production of combat planes such as the f-16 has ended , there was a serious shortage of parts for round - the - clock bombing , and there was no alternative but to cannibalize aircraft of this type in the united states as an emergency replenishment .
a shortage of flight personnel meant that they had to fly when already tired , and it was also necessary to urgently mobilize the reserve at home .
a us air force memorandum said : " the combat units are in a difficult period , there are almost no spare engines available , and the combat equipment is almost exhausted . "
during the " missile crisis " on the korean peninsula , the americans acted contrary to their moves in the middle east and europe by seeking in various ways engagement and negotiations with north korea , in a bid for a compromise .
when li teng - hui dished up the " two - state theory , " he expected the americans to pull the chestnuts out of the fire for him , but they resented the retainer turning into the master .
bader , former director of asian affairs in the national security council , said : " we have not undertaken not to stint the blood of american soldiers . "
when will the us military , which is accustomed to using retainers , personally fight in the vanguard on behalf of a retainer ?
this is the objective reason why clintonism can hardly be swayed by people like li teng - hui in asia .
its caution and restraint in asia are also based on the following objective factors : first of all , there is no organization like nato in asia .
although there is the us - japan security treaty , and the 100,000 troops under the us pacific command , it is extremely difficult for the united states to squeeze the countries of the region together and place them under its standard .
since the vietnam war , all us military intervention actions have been essentially characterized by " speed " and " not getting in deep " and have been aimed at weak and small opponents against whom success is easy , and fought in regions where it is easy to break off .
the peoples nurtured by history , nationality , and culture in asia , however , are completely the opposite of the standard opponents imagined by the united states .
third , the greatest obstacle encountered by clintonism in asia is precedent when , far from achieving successful intervention , the united states has encountered serious failure in this region since world war ii .
here it is not so much the " victories " in the gulf and kosovo wars as rather the lessons of the korean and vietnam wars that play the role of historical experience .
as a result , the americans are unable to apply the iraq or kosovo pattern to resolve the problems of this region .
a number of countries with highly developed information technology [ it ] have emerged since the 1980 's , in the wake of the asymmetrical development of the world information field .
they exploit their monopoly status in information resources and the related industries to impose it control , penetrate by means of information resources , and dump information products in countries where it is relatively undeveloped , so as to attain their corresponding political , economic , and military goals .
this is the " information colonialism " phenomenon which this article raises .
it is exported like capital , as an intellectual property right ; the information business has become a new growth point ; and in addition the development of the information industry is unbalanced - - these provide a hotbed for information colonizing .
according to relevant data , in the global information business , the united states accounts for 92 percent of cpu output and 86 percent of systems and parts , and there are now 113 million internet customers .
in this regard , the french complained back in the 1970 's : the entire french databank field is monopolized by the united states ; and in the 1980 's , japan exclaimed : japan may be reduced to the status of america 's " information colony . "
forty percent of the source of modern economic development and growth comes from the information industry .
output value of information industries of many developed western countries accounts for 45 to 60 percent of their gnp , whereas in the developing countries the proportion is only about one percent , the scope is narrow , and the quality is poor .
thus , powerful information countries switch from exporting financial capital to exporting information capital and imposingly occupy the information field in backward countries , thus restricting the development of national information business there .
at the same time they pose a serious threat to the economic security of these countries .
the progress of it has also sparked changes in the world military scene .
it is also connected to a vast databank which collects information on customers , and when required , this databank can provide the customer 's secrets to political , economic , and military organizations .
by means of an internal sequence code , the pentium iii processor can compare the customer with the information that he gathers and decipher the identity and personal secrets of the customer ; or they can deliberately leave an embedded virus , and install hidden dangers such as concealed channels and codes that can recover code keys .
culture is an important foundation in preserving social stability .
the people of a given nation in a given age are living in a certain cultural pattern and cultivate their own human qualities .
norms of language , writing , beliefs , and morals have formed the cultural circle of each country and nation .
in the information age , information has become a major strategic resource , the information industry has become a country 's mainstay industry , information security has become the most important security element , and the information net has become a country 's important strategic infrastructure .
standing at the threshold of the 21 st century , people do not have only feelings of happiness ; it is evident from the uneven economic development and the countless conflicts and turmoil in the 20 th century that high technology is the core of the competition in all - round national strength .
the developed countries have unfolded fierce competition in research and development , centering around " technological hegemony . "
the phenomenon of information colonialism will become an important motive cause in future war .
without information security , there can be no national political , economic , and military security .
when mankind entered the industrial age , the chinese nation had its fill of the bitterness of colonialism and semi - colonialism , and such a state of affairs cannot be restaged when mankind enters the information age .
we must therefore have full rational awareness and strategic countermeasures .
we should establish the concept of standing on our own feet .
we must establish self - defense measures .
on 11 january of this year , the number of patent applications across china topped the 1 - million mark , and thus china has entered the world 's rank of big powers of patent applications .
china 's patent industry has made considerable progress in such areas as patent legislation , patent protection , and training and international exchanges in patent qualified people in a short span of 15 years .
according to a briefing by a relevant responsible person from the state intellectual property rights bureau , the number of patent applications china handled in 1998 and 1999 totaled 121,989 and 134,240 or an increase of 6.8 percent and 10 percent respectively from the previous year .
of the country 's total patent applications , the number of patent applications by scientific research units and institutions of higher learning increased by 7 percent and 22 percent respectively , while that of patent applications by enterprises at home also increased by 6.7 percent and 20 percent respectively .
an expert from the state intellectual property rights bureau stated : having superiority in patents is an important guarantee for gaining the initiative in competition .
achieving a leap in technological development is an important target of china 's scientific and technological progress and technological innovation and also the only way to expedite china 's modernization .
state intellectual property rights office director jiang ying also pointed out : it will help vigorously push technological innovation activities among enterprises , scientific research units , and institutions of higher learning to carry out patent work throughout the entire process of technological innovation .
this being the case , the key to solving the problem of patent quantity lies in improving the scientific and technological level as a whole on which china relies for its patents .
third , the actual protection of intellectual property rights should be enhanced .
to spark the desire of scientists and technicians for innovations , it is very important to implement a paten - rewarding mechanism . this will help form a benign circle in technological innovation activities among enterprises .
the publication and implementation of these numerous policies has thus powerfully mobilized the enthusiasm of the institute 's scientific research personnel for innovations . as china 's entry into the world trade organization is approaching , patent departments in china are facing greater pressures .
therefore , it is all the more necessary to enhance the quality and international competitiveness of patent work , further safeguard national sovereignty and economic security , and promote social progress .
why is it that the daya bay nuclear power station can be ranked among the best nuclear power plants in the world ?
establish the modern enterprise system and successfully probe the way of scientific management of enterprises in which the state has a controlling interest .
the two 1 million kilowatt - class nuclear power generating units of the daya bay nuclear power station are like two " money printing machines " operating around the clock , each of which creates more than $ 1 million in output value every day .
the daya bay nuclear power station earned $ 560 million in foreign exchange and created 2.3 billion yuan in profits and taxes in 1999 .
with such an enormous amount of profits , is the daya bay power station very lavish in spending ?
when briefed by staff of the daya bay power station , the reporters found that the briefing materials they used were printed on both sides while those distributed to us were printed on one side only .
the sense of cost and the extent of meticulous management of the staff of the daya bay power station can be seen from this !
the joint venture company has strict rules , systems , and execution procedures for all its work , from the procurement of staple materials and the suspension , reloading , and overhaul of nuclear power generating units to the distribution of labor insurance goods and small gifts to guests .
degai [ name as transliterated ] , a foreign expert who had worked in the daya bay power station , said that in a certain sense , what the power station produced was not electricity but documents , because everything had rules to follow and was restricted by procedures .
implementation of rules , systems , and work procedures hinges on man .
the influence of the auditing department can be seen everywhere in the daya bay power station .
the joint venture company 's xerox machines were reduced from 53 to 36 last year because the auditing department discovered that the actual volume of copies printed by the company 's xerox machines was lower than the suggested volume of the machine provider , which was a waste of resources .
more than 300 tonnes of substandard concrete iron placed on the work site of the lingao nuclear power station were not transported out . the auditing department issued a notice of correction as soon as it discovered this .
a nuclear safety culture deeply rooted in people 's hearts , a protective screen more secure than steel - reinforced concrete nuclear power is a clean and highly efficient source of energy .
however , 100 percent safety should be ensured .
it has established a virtual protective screen more secure than steel reinforced concrete - - a nuclear safety culture deeply rooted in people 's hearts .
on one occasion , leakage of lubricant was discovered on a gas turbine after a grade - seven maintenance worker completed the overhaul of its filter screen .
an inspection showed that an insertion ring was missing .
the worker said that he did not receive the insertion ring , but the power station 's strict system of registration of material inflow and outflow proved the worker was lying .
the maintenance department immediately organized personnel to conduct analysis and study and adopted timely measures to eliminate the hidden danger .
since then , an atmosphere has been established in the power station in which people begin with speaking the truth when they want to correct an error .
it is in such detailed workflow , strict rules and systems , and the sense of safety deeply rooted in workers ' hearts that the nuclear safety culture of the daya bay nuclear power station is reflected .
outside the main control room of the no. 1 generating unit , the reporters saw some banners , reading " do everything successfully at one stroke , make every person a protective screen " and " it is safety not the market that decides everything . "
the nuclear safety culture deeply rooted in people 's hearts has laid a solid foundation for the safe operation of the daya bay nuclear power station .
using the nuclear power station to support nuclear power development and achieving continuous development , the daya bay nuclear power station has become the incubator of guangdong 's nuclear power development .
zan yunlong , the major planner and builder of the daya bay nuclear power station , was appointed chairman of the board of directors and concurrently president of the guangdong nuclear power group company .
by then , the building projects of the lingao nuclear power station had been successfully completed , and the main part of the project entered the period of installation .
in the construction of the lingao nuclear power station , the principle of " putting safety and quality first " has been strictly implemented , and quality , progress , investment control has been exercised across the board to ensure that best quality and efficiency are achieved in construction and equipment .
on the occasion marking the 4 th anniversary of president jiang zemin 's important speech on the taiwan issue , the committee and the relevant central departments jointly held large - scale commemorative forums .
they held forums with relevant responsible persons of seven ministries and commissions , including the state economic and trade commission , to discuss problems discovered in the course of investigation , and offered some suggestions for resolving relevant problems .
the hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese committee combined investigation and study with the efforts to help taiwan businessmen eliminate difficulties and anxiety , organized cppcc committee members to visit taiwan - invested enterprises and communicated with relevant departments to solve problems arising with taiwan businessmen 's investments and operations .
many committee members also actively wrote and published articles and participated in activities to criticize the " two - state theory . "
the committee briefed the hong kong , macao , and taiwan personages and overseas chinese on the great achievements of the motherland 's reform and opening up as well as its principles and policies on " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems , " and earnestly listened to their opinions and suggestions .
at the time when the 50 th national day and the cppcc anniversaries were celebrated , this committee also invited and received several hundreds of representatives of hong kong , macao , taiwan and overseas chinese compatriots to beijing to attend celebration activities .
the israeli government claimed that the places israel has raided are bases of the lebanese hezbollah guerrillas and the air raids have been a retaliatory act against hezbollah 's attacks of israel 's " security zone " in southern lebanon which caused injuries and deaths of several israeli soldiers .
israel 's air raids have triggered anger and condemnations among all lebanese .
the lebanese government also submitted a petition letter to un secretary general annan asking the international community to stop israel from repeatedly invading lebanon .
the international community , especially the arab world , also has shown strong concern for israel 's bombings of lebanon 's civilian facilities , causing injuries of civilians , and has criticized one after another israel 's such " reckless invasion act " .
public opinion has widely held that , at the current critical moment when the middle east peace process is facing a trial , israel 's air raids not only have worsened its relations with lebanon , but also will jeopardize the entire middle east region 's peace process .
in 1985 , israel ended its invasive war with lebanon . but , citing need to ensure security in the northern part of its country , israel established in lebanon 's southern border area a " security zone " of more than 1,000 square km .
but , things have turned out to be just the opposite . the bombings not only have not lowered tensions in southern lebanon ; on the contrary , they have deepened hostility between israel and lebanon .
on the night of 8 february , after israel carried out the first round of air raids in the early morning , hezbollah guerrillas claimed that they launched another assault against israel 's " security zone , " killing one israeli soldier and injuring two .
lebanese prime minister huss resolutely said : it is israel that has failed to abide by the cease - fire agreement of understanding reached between the two countries in april 1996 and launched the air raids . but the air raids cannot shake the lebanese people 's determination to resist and attack israel 's occupation .
syria , as an ally of lebanon in opposing israel 's illegal occupation , has made particularly strong responses to israel 's air raids .
in december last year , with us mediation , syria and israel began to resume peace talks .
this undoubtedly has worsened syrian - israeli relations , making the prospects of the peace talks , which already have been at a standstill , even dimmer .
the palestine issue is an important link in the regional peace process .
according to the " sharm el sheikh memorandum " reached between palestine and israel in september last year , the two sides will sign on 13 february this year a framework agreement on the final - status issue and will reach a permanent peace treaty in september this year .
however , over a period that just passed , talks between the two sides on the final - status issue have proceeded very slowly and little progress has been made , and currently they basically are in standstill .
it has been learned that , the united states , france , and other parties concerned have privately initiated diplomatic activities in an effort to prevent the situation in southern lebanon from getting out of control .
balance of rights and obligations an important wto characteristic the wto is one of the three main international economic organizations in the world today , and it plays an important role in spurring world trade liberalization , organizing multilateral trade negotiations , handling international trade disputes , and so on .
all wto accords and articles have been adopted by its members through negotiations and agreed on the basis of reaching unity through consultations .
any member must while enjoying the rights also undertake the corresponding obligations , so that rights and obligations are basically in balance .
the wto legal system is basically composed of basic principles and exceptions to these principles .
on the basis of abiding by the basic principles and carrying out their corresponding obligations , wto members can also , under the necessary conditions , make use of the exclusion clauses to protect their own rights and interests .
according to these clauses , when wto members encounter serious imbalance of international payments , or when economic development requires the government to adopt interventionist policies , and so on , they can temporarily readjust their corresponding obligations in order to ensure their economic stability and development .
trade liberalization , however , has conditions ; the wto permits its members , especially the developing countries , to gradually achieve trade liberalization in line with their own economic and trade situation and competitiveness , to facilitate the provision of opportunities for their domestic industrial restructuring .
if trade disputes occur between wto members , they can have recourse to the disputes settlement mechanism , and these will be adjudicated by specially composed groups of experts ; the adjudication has the force of compulsion , and all members whatever their size must be constrained by it and execute it .
this has to a very great extent changed the situation in which major treading nations dominated dispute settlement , and gives a certain degree of protection to the interests of developing countries .
at present there are 135 members of the wto , and developing countries and regions account for 81 percent of membership .
uphold balance between rights and obligations when china joins the wto beginning in 1986 , in its 14 - year negotiating process for rejoining gatt and joining the wto , china has consistently upheld the principle of balancing rights and obligations .
generally speaking , the obligations carried out should correspond to the rights enjoyed ; we will not accept a price that exceeds what we can bear , but must achieve balance of rights and obligations .
since the launch of reform and opening up , china 's all - round national strength has increased , and its impact on world economy and trade has continually expanded ; the wto is incomplete without china 's participation , nor does such a situation benefit world economic development .
in the negotiations for china to rejoin gatt and join the wto , we have consistently upheld the principle that china is a developing country , and that we can only join the wto under the conditions for developing countries .
for instance , during the transition period , taking information technology products as an example , developed countries need to lower their tariffs to zero by 2000 , while for developing countries the period can be extended until 2005 .
thus the results of the negotiations will ultimately benefit china 's reform and opening up and help to preserve our economic security .
china 's accession to the wto , its observance of wto rules , and its execution of the obligations on market opening which we have given in the negotiations will provide still better and still more stable opportunities for other countries and regions to gain entry into our market .
regarding the question of the balance of rights and obligations in china 's accession to the wto , we must uphold dialectical materialism and look at it from the viewpoint of development ; rights and obligations are not immutable .
after china joins the wto , we must become familiar with and grasp its rules as quickly as possible , and change to the maximum the rights that we enjoy into actual interests for promoting our economic development .
he said the agricultural restructuring will be market - oriented , the objective is to improve the quality and returns of agricultural goods , and the restructuring will proceed in farming , animal husbandry , and aquaculture all at the same time .
to succeed in adjusting the agricultural structure , chen yaobang said : first of all , we will adjust the farming structure .
with respect to regional layouts , coastal areas in the east and outskirts of large and medium cities will develop modern agriculture to produce export - oriented agricultural goods .
these areas will eventually become bases that export quality agricultural products .
areas in central china , to give play to their high productivity of food grain , will establish large , efficiently managed bases that produce commercial grain and process grain for feed and other purposes .
eastern china and the outskirts of large cities will actively develop production of scale .
they will also develop intensive processing of livestock products and speed up the pace of modernizing their animal husbandry .
third , we will continue to optimize the structure of fishing operations .
we will strictly control the their intensity and continue to enforce the " zero growth " plan .
bangkok , 13 feb - - the tenth united nations conference on trade and development [ unctad ] was convened on 12 th february in bangkok , thailand .
it marked the first global economic meeting of the new century and was convened under circumstances of stepped up economic globalization , further widening of gap between the rich and poor and north and south , and strong urge from the developing countries to establish a new international economic order .
at the meeting 's inaugural ceremony , people could not forget the unpleasant and fruitless minister - level wto meeting in seattle in the united states at the end of last year .
the result of that meeting fully demonstrated the heightened conflict between the developing and the developed countries in the ways they handled global economic affairs .
the progress in science and technology and information technology has accelerated the global exchange of commodities , manpower , capital , talent , and markets ; this trend of economic globalization will prevail .
judging by today 's situation , economic globalization not only has accelerated global economic development but also has widened the gap between the rich and the poor worldwide .
therefore in the course of economic globalization , it is essential to promptly set up a fair and reasonable new international economic order to remedy the defects brought by the globalization process .
development is another issue facing the conference on trade and development , and as far as the developing countries are concerned , development naturally is the number one issue .
today , the developing countries as a whole have become the source of world economic growth , but fund shortages , backward technologies , lack of qualified management personnel , poor infrastructure , and other problems are seriously hampering the developing countries ' economic growth .
he pointed out : price regulation and control in 2000 should not only strive to bring about an appropriate and rational pickup in the overall price level to boost the confidence of investors and consumers in the market , but also pay attention to monitoring and controlling any signs of excessive price hikes that may occur in some areas .
he pointed out : it is necessary to intensify the reform of prices and fees this year and let prices that are suitable for decontrolling be determined by the supply and demand in the marketplace in a timely manner .
though they are not in great numbers , they do have a major impact on the national economy .
this responsible person said : steps will be taken this year to set about studying how to reform the price formation mechanism in these industries .
for example , competitive grid entry prices will be introduced on an experimental basis in the power industry to restrain the construction investment and operating costs of power plants .
the reform of the rural electricity price control system and the transformation of the rural power grid will be accelerated , introducing the same price on the same grid for both urban and rural areas in phases and in batches .
the price formation mechanism for crude oil and finished oil products shall be perfected to encourage oil and petrochemical companies to engage in rational competition .
china 's civil aviation industry has achieved sustained , high - speed growth since the reform . however , the chinese civil aviation industry 's major indices are extremely low in proportion to the world totals .
china 's general aviation ( meaning aerial photography , remote measurement , mineral prospecting , petroleum services , rainmaking , aerial forest protection , afforestation by aerial sowing , agricultural and pastoral sowing , and aerial chemicals spraying in agriculture and forestry ) market is extremely small in size and in a state of contraction .
in 1997 , proceeds from general aviation only accounted for 0.3 percent of the income of caac - affiliated enterprises .
the civil aviation industry is one of the emerging industries that are capital - and high - technology - intensive and have the greatest potential for development and is also one of the most important industries with a considerable spillover effect .
government administration remains integrated with enterprise management the civil aviation industry is one of the few industries in present - day china that still retain the planned economy 's characteristic of integrating government administration with enterprise management .
it is necessary to accelerate the transformation of civil aviation administrative departments ' functions .
however , china has followed a trend contrary to the development of the world civil aviation industry which sees a constant rise in the unit cost of transportation that causes a corresponding rise in the unit price of transportation .
china 's airfare per passenger kilometer is fairly high by world standards and , still more , extremely expensive in relation to its level of per capita gdp or per capita consumption expenditure . the development of the civil aviation industry not only has not benefited society at large but instead has increased trading costs throughout society .
first , it is necessary to make an early , rational division between military , civilian , and military - civilian joint controls of the air .
fourth , it is necessary to encourage competitive civil aviation enterprises in the country to engage in strategic cooperation and alliance with transnational civil aviation companies .
in order to implement jiang zemin 's directive , a beijing insider disclosed , zhongnanhai has worked out specific plans for the work in 2000 , which include the following : first , it is necessary to strengthen ideological and political building of the leading bodies , strictly administer the party , and exercise management over the leading cadres .
second , it is necessary to step up reform of state enterprises and on the whole put an end to enterprise deficits and turn deficits into profits .
third , it is necessary to step up the building of the legal system , earnestly rule the country by law , and resolutely correct and punish the practices and individuals involved in meddling in the legal system .
viewed from the working plans , figures from beijing 's political circles believe that there will be new progress in this year 's anticorruption struggle .
the attack on sects will be equated with that on hostile forces , which means that china will not soften its measures towards the sects because of us hegemonist meddling .
more than a month ago , the chinese government resumed the exercise of its sovereignty over macao .
this is a great event of the chinese nation , which happened after hong kong 's return to the motherland , marking a new stage in the great cause of the reunification of the motherland .
the solving of the taiwan issue has been placed more prominently before us .
the number of taiwan compatriots who traveled to the mainland via macao by air exceeded 2 million . the compatriots coming and leaving the mainland via macao had exceeded 3 million .
the 8 - point proposal is the inheritance of these principles and planning in the new situation .
the " one country , two systems " principle was first put forward for resolving the taiwan issue , but it was first put into practice in hong kong .
the steady transition of macao and the smooth handover of power is another successful practice of the " one country , two systems " concept .
at present , the msar government headed by edmund ho hau wah is properly operating administration according to law .
the principle of " one country , two systems " is applicable to hong kong and macao , as well as to taiwan .
the issues of hong kong and macao are historical questions that resulted from foreign colonialist aggression against and occupation of china .
the issues of hong kong and macao were resolved through the diplomatic means of negotiation .
president jiang 's 8 - point proposal sincerely calls for conducting negotiations on peaceful reunification between the two sides of the strait on the premise of the one china principle , on which any question can be discussed .
since china could hold talks with the united kingdom and portugal and successfully resolve the questions of hong kong and macao , why ca n't the fraternal brothers across the taiwan straits hold talks and seek a common understanding ?
with the deepening of the great practice of " one country , two systems " and the dispelling of differences through negotiations , the " one country , two systems " policy , which is the best option , will eventually win the understanding of the vast number of taiwan compatriots .
thanks to the cross - strait air service introduced by macao airlines , macao 's role as an important channel between the two sides of the taiwan straits has become more prominent .
regarding taiwan institutions and personnel in macao , they are requested to abide by the macao basic law and not to engage in activities contravening the one china principle .
for a long time in the past , people of various circles and social organizations in macao , in the activities of contacts and exchanges between macao and taiwan , have done a great deal of work for promoting the peaceful reunification of the mainland and taiwan .
in his important speech on taiwan , president jiang spoke highly of the contribution made by hong kong and macao compatriots and the chinese nationals abroad .
we believe that macao compatriots with a glorious tradition of patriotism will make continued efforts to actively participate in the various tasks for the application of the " one country , two systems " , devote their resources to the steady development of macao and play a still greater role in developing cross - strait relationship .
the application of the " one country , two systems " in macao has exerted positive influence on taiwan .
in the springtime of the year of the dragon , flower - decked shenzhen is imbued with a joyful and celebratory atmosphere .
today this place has become one of the mainland 's largest ocean - going container freight ports .
li peng endorsed the success of the port in construction and operations , and expressed the hope that the port will play a still more positive role in stimulating economic development in shenzhen and south china .
the first stage of the lingao nuclear power plant ( that is , no . 2 ) is proceeding smoothly , and the work has switched from foundation work to installation .
li peng said that guangdong nuclear power has achieved great success in recent years , and i hope you will continue to work hard and do still better .
speaking on the development of guangdong nuclear power , li peng said that care must be taken to build the no . 2 plant project and ensure it is up to the mark in quality and capacity .
we are relatively familiar with and have relatively abundant experience in and mastery of the type of reactor and technology of the daya bay plant .
high - tech industry is the industry with greatest development prospects in shenzhen ; last year output value of these industries was 8.1979 trillion yuan [ as received ] , accounting for 40.5 percent of total industrial output value .
in developing high - tech industries , apart from factors such as funds , technology , and talent , it is also necessary to have a good mechanism ; the government 's role in macroeconomic regulation and control is also extremely important in marked economy conditions .
the course of shenzhen 's development has been unusual ; it is the result of the guidance of deng xiaoping theory , the correct leadership of the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core , and the common efforts of the 4 million people of shenzhen .
li peng also pointed out that the more the economy develops , the more necessary it is to administer the city according to law .
the state has granted shenzhen local legislative powers , and shenzhen must take advantage of this strong point to do still better in administering the city according to law .
at the close of , he arrived at the jiuquan satellite launch center to undertake science and technology work after graduating from the university .
china 's space industry can be described as the model of development of china 's national industry .
chairman shen had the good fortune to participate in the early planning of our country 's manned space flight project .
now and again , he became excited when talking about the successful launch and recovery of the shenzhou experimental spacecraft .
he said : the manned space flight project is a massive and complicated systematic project that concentrates today 's high and new technologies . at present , only the united states and russia have the ability to conduct manned space flights .
our country 's complete success in the first launch of the experimental manned spacecraft is yet another miracle created by the chinese nation , which relies totally on its own intelligence and wisdom , and again proved that china 's space industry - - a rising national industry - - has exuberant vitality .
funds for the foundation have mainly come from voluntary donations from china 's and overseas enterprises , groups , and individuals that show concern for and support the development of china 's space undertakings .
the foundation will make wholehearted contributions to strengthen the connections , links , and understanding between china 's space industry and national enterprises , and enable china 's space industry and national enterprises to soar together .
the successful launch and return of the china - designed " shenzhou " spacecraft last october marked a major historic breakthrough in china 's technology for manned space missions .
when the good news reached our company , we felt a deep sense of pride for china 's space scientists , who relied on their own efforts to scale this world pinnacle of technology . this encouraged and inspired us to work harder and make contributions at our respective posts .
with the rapid development of economic globalization and knowledge economy today , competition of overall national strength is essentially a competition of technological innovation .
an important reason why we have been able to score such a splendid achievement in space technology is that we persist in technological innovation and are committed to conquering the frontiers of high technology in the world .
we are deeply aware of this when we look back over the course of our company 's development over the past few decades .
the nanjing automation company , ltd. of the china power company is the first listed high - tech company of the state electric power system .
our products have all entered the international market and have achieved eye - catching results in china 's foreign - aid projects .
chi haotian , who is inspecting work in nanjing military region [ mr ] , thanked her for bringing up a good son and sending a good soldier to the people 's army , saying she is worthy of the title " model mother in loving the country and supporting the army . "
after her husband died of illness , she endured all kinds of hardships to raise her son and then sent him to the army after he grew up .
chi haotian told ji rongzhen : you and your son 's advanced deeds have aroused strong responses in the entire army and nation . i am deeply moved by your patriotism and your support of the army .
all officers and men should learn from you and your son .
since he became ill , he has received care and help from the army and all sectors of society in every possible way .
without the love of the army and society , he could not have lived today . i am sincerely grateful to the party and the army !
nanjing mr commander liang guanglie and political commissar fang zuqi joined chi haotian in comforting ji rongzhen .
it is necessary to purposefully carry out an education in patriotism , collectivism , and socialism to help the students cultivate correct world outlook , outlook on life , and values .
it is necessary to actively organize the students to participate in community service and social practice , improve their social experience , and cultivate their hard - working spirit and indomitable will .
it is necessary to actively conduct mental health education to help and guide the students in cultivating good moral character and behavioral habits and to enable them to handle well any contradictions and problems they encounter with respect to study , job skill training , job hunting , and interpersonal relationships . 3 .
greater efforts should be made to reduce the excessive burden of middle and primary school students and ensure success in this regard .
now , some students ' class work is too heavy , yielding great psychological pressure on them . this will not help young students to grow up healthy and sound ; instead , it tends to create problems in various areas .
starting immediately after this spring term begins , all middle schools and primary schools must resolutely abolish the practice of publishing students ' test score rankings . 4 .
it is necessary to strengthen the teacher ranks and constantly improve the teachers ' ideological , political and professional quality .
a determination must be made to improve order in schools and the public order surrounding schools , resolutely combat crimes that harm young students ' healthy growth , and ensure that the students have a quiet , harmonious , and healthy study environment .
president jiang also expounded this ideology in detail in the report to the subsequent 15 th party congress ( 1997 ) and in a speech given at the new year tea party held by the chinese people 's political consultative conference .
the words " all the more " fully reflect that we have paid attention to and respected the opinions and role of the taiwan people .
in other words , in addition to allowing taiwan compatriots to reflect their views of developing cross - strait relations and realizing reunification at any time to the party and government , they may also be allowed to participate in the cross - strait talks .
it can be said that each policy relaxation of the taiwan authorities on cross - strait relations and exchanges was the result of the taiwan compatriots ' contention . it is a fact seen by all that the taiwan authorities ' mainland policy has always been pulled forward by the taiwan people .
taiwan compatriots are also the core force opposing separation and " taiwan independence . "
the relevant taiwan authorities have conducted many opinion polls to support their policies and proposals on splittism .
regarding these polls , only by making in - depth analysis can we see through the appearance to perceive the essence .
this fully demonstrates our utter sincerity for bringing about peaceful reunification .
that " taiwan independence " would only lead to war is not alarmist talk .
compatriots on the both sides of the strait should unite to oppose division , stop the plot for " taiwan independence , " and join efforts to strive for a bright prospect of peaceful reunification .
during the current " vacuum period " wherein there is no way to contain china , enhancing its relations with taiwan , particularly military cooperation , is undoubtedly a kind of restraint on china .
this is of course also a product of internal struggle within the united states .
the passage of the " taiwan security enhancement act " bill by the us house is exactly a " major achievement " of the " money diplomacy " taiwan has promoted in the past years .
we hope the us government will keep its promise and take resolute action , and that it will proceed from the overall situation of sino - us relations and sensibly handle its relations with taiwan . it should avoid losing the greater for the less , spinning a cocoon around itself , and playing with fire and getting burned .
stimulated by these two major favorable measures , the shenzhen and shanghai stock markets rose strongly on the very first trading day of the year of dragon , opening with an exceptionally huge upward gap and going all the way up under an extremely lively market atmosphere .
funds raised through the stock market grew from the 5 billion yuan in 1992 to 130 billion yuan in 1997 and more than 150 billion yuan in 1999 .
the number of listed companies grew from a dozen or so before 1992 to more than 900 in late 1999 , with the market capitalization peaking at over 3.1 trillion yuan in just a matter of a few years .
it can be said that the chinese stock market has developed by leaps and bounds over the past decade to become an emerging market that has drawn worldwide attention .
in recent years , the chinese government has been taking measures to promote the development of the stock market .
with the implementation of a new mode of stock issue , secondary market investors may participate in new stock subscription , based on the market value of their holdings of securities in circulation on the market .
the secondary market used to have a " phobia of new stock issue " in the past because every new stock issue would mean a dilatation and every time there was a dilatation secondary market stock prices would fall and result in a lacklustre market , which would in turn adversely affect new stock issues .
when the new measure is implemented , investors , out of the hope of enjoying the huge price difference between the primary and secondary markets , will actively buy existing stocks before a new stock issue to increase their holdings , thereby increasing their rate of winning the stock allotment lot .
the borrower shall be the head office of a comprehensive securities company , while the lender shall be a solely state - owned commercial bank or any of its authorized branch offices or the head office of other commercial banks .
with this move , securities companies will have more relaxed funding in the days to come and this will be beneficial to their operations in the secondary market .
the new procedures also stipulate that the term of a stock collateral loan shall be six months at the most and that the loan to stock collateral ratio , which is the ratio of the loan principal to the stock collateral 's market value , shall not exceed 60 percent .
any violations of these provisions shall be subject to corresponding punitive measures .
furthermore , this will draw stock investment funds from various quarters , such as enterprises dealing in " third - category commodities , " that have been looking on from the sidelines , thereby increasing capital inflow into the secondary market .
in his letter to li zhaoxing dated on 9 february , helms said he was " aghast " at the remarks made by minister liu xiaoming of the chinese embassy at a news conference on 3 february on the passing of tsea by the house of representatives .
he asked ambassador li zhaoxing to " clarify " liu xiaoming 's remarks that the consequences would be more serious than lee teng - hui 's us visit if the tsea is passed by the us congress .
he said : china has always strongly opposed to the tsea and it has made no attempt to conceal this stand .
first , the bill negates the important " one china " principle and undermines the basic framework of the normalization of china - us ties by treating taiwan as a state .
second , it violates us pledges under the three sino - us joint communiques by calling on the us to greatly upgrade its military ties with taiwan and increase its arms sales .
li zhaoxing said : some congressmen did not have adequate knowledge of the origin of the taiwan issue and the evolution of sino - us relations , especially the us pledge on this issue in the three sino - us joint communiques .
it is hoped that everybody has an even clearer understanding of the situation , and has a clear understanding of their sacred mission as well as the important role of science and technology training of troops in raising combat effectiveness .
we must do well in learning high technology and new knowledge by persisting in a hierarchical and prioritized manner . we must stress putting knowledge into practice , and realize conversion of knowledge into higher standards and conversion of technological potential into actual combat effectiveness .
we must exert vigorous efforts to form systems and combat effectiveness out of new equipment , thereby giving full play to the operational effectiveness of new equipment .
the requirement of " better to let talent wait for equipment than to let equipment wait for talent " raised by chairman jiang zemin must be implemented among military units .
zhang wannian said : we must continue to exert efforts in upholding a scientific spirit and a pragmatic attitude .
at present , we must further straighten the guiding thought in science and technological training of troops , conscientiously do a good job of making plans , set hierarchies rationally , handle the relationship between common and individual characteristics correctly , as well as strengthen planning guidance and training management .
beijing , 15 feb ( xuinhua ) - - using foreign capital is an important aspect of china 's opening - up policy .
insufficient domestic funds have been made up by utilizing foreign capital ; this has increased the state tax revenue and foreign exchange earnings , promoted economic restructuring and the optimization of the industrial structure , accelerated the blending of china 's economy with the world economy , and created a large number of job opportunities .
our country actually used $ 40.4 billion of foreign capital in 1999 . though we maintained a certain scale in this regard , the utilization of foreign capital dropped by 12.8 percent compared with the previous year ; it was the first negative growth rate in recent years .
in addition to the impact of the asian financial crisis , an important cause was that we still did not quite adapt ourselves to the trend of change in the form of direct international investment .
now , more than half of direct global investments have been made in the form of merger and acquisition by transnational enterprises , and over 90 percent of such mergers and acquisitions have taken place in developed countries .
some of the service markets in our country have a tremendous potential , which are very attractive to foreign businessmen , and they will become new hot places to attract foreign businessmen .
then , we should make vigorous efforts to attract famous transnational corporations to invest in china and encourage such corporations to set up research and development centers here in order to expedite technological progress and industrial upgrading .
shanghai municipality , the largest industrial city in our country , now takes attracting the investment of transnational corporations as the focal point of its work in inviting businessmen from the outside to invest in the municipality .
those projects in which they have invested is large in scale , high in technological content , and strong in competition . this has raised shanghai 's entire level of using foreign capital and sped up the development of new and high - tech industries .
the shenzhen special economic zone has gone all out to encourage processing - trade enterprises to shift to high - tech processing ; now in shenzhen , high - tech processing trade has become a new hot place in which foreign businessmen have been investing .
beijing , 15 feb (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today : china attaches importance to and is willing to strengthen exchanges and cooperation with the g - 8 .
at a news conference held by the ministry of foreign affairs today , zhu bangzao again stressed this issue further .
he said : china hopes that the g-8 can play an active role in enhancing international cooperation and promoting stable and balanced world economic development , particularly in narrowing the gap between the south and the north .
zhu bangzao pointed out : china has always advocated that consultation , coordination , and decision - making on global issues should have wide representation .
when discussing global issues , it is necessary to listen more to opinions of other countries , especially those from the developing countries .
the spokesman pointed out : china attaches importance to the role played by the g-8 and has always maintained contact with the g - 8 .
it is universally known that china has built its navy mainly by making self - reliant efforts , with imported foreign equipment as a supplement .
people still remember the grand troop review , which was held on 1 october last year to mark the 50 th founding anniversary of the prc . the navy 's three unarmed formations , four missile formations , and two flight echelon formations participated in the parade .
the appearance of the marines in a formation was of particular significance because it was the first time the marines participated in the grand troop review . the formations formed by the marines as well as other naval branches showed the world for the first time a complete force structure of the chinese navy .
meanwhile , the invisibility requirement has also been taken into consideration while designing a warship .
china also has developed " 53h2 - type " guided missile escort ships , which are equipped with " three defenses " capability and an electronic war system .
in addition to acquiring new chinese - built warships and submarines , china also has tried to greatly increase its navy 's operational capability by purchasing the most advanced warships and military equipment of the world .
these missiles , which fly at an altitude of about one meter above sea level , are very difficult for radar to detect .
about 85 percent of major battleships and naval air force pilots participated in the drills . as a result , naval units have acquired training under conditions similar to a real combat situation .
beijing , 15 feb ( xinhua ) - - at 4:00 this afternoon , a man killed himself in the southeast part of tiananmen square by detonating an explosive .
according to investigations by public security , the dead man was li xiangshan , a mental patient from hubei province .
he said : it is the common aspiration of all mankind to prevent the employment of weapons and an arms race in outer space .
as for the so - called " sino - russian joint opposition to an arms race in outer space , " zhu bangzao said clearly that it is inaccurate .
he said : countries that oppose an arms race in outer space are definitely not only limited to china and russia .
this fully reflects the common aspiration and pressing demand of the international community .
he expressed the hope that the conference on disarmament in geneva , as the only multilateral disarmament negotiating forum , should make new contributions to the negotiations and conclusion of international legal articles on the prevention of an arms race in outer space .
hu also sought interests for others who had offered him bribes on many an occasion by taking advantage of his position and had thereby caused huge losses to the state property .
besides , hu failed to identify legitimate resources for his wealth worth more than 1.61 million , which had obviously outstripped his legitimate income .
with the penalties added together , the court decided to carry out the execution of hu ; deprive hu of political rights for life ; and confiscate all hu 's property .
hu 's case of accepting and offering bribes and failing to identify sources of a huge amount of wealth is an extremely serious economic crime case involving a senior leading cadre . the way his crime , one of serious nature , was committed was absolutely vile and has exerted a pernicious influence in the society .
thanks to the cooperation of the relevant departments and the jiangxi provincial cpc committee , the central discipline inspection commission investigated and verified in a timely fashion hu 's serious problems of violating the disciplines and the law and handed hu over to the judicial organs for punishment in accordance with the law .
on 1 february of this year , jiangxi province 's nanchang city people 's procuratorate instituted legal proceedings against hu and accused him of the crime of accepting bribes , the crime of offering bribes , and the crime of failing to identify sources of a huge amount of wealth .
hu had entrusted two counsels to defend him in the court .
the trial of hu changqing 's case has fully enshrined the socialist principle of rule of law that all offenders are equal before the law and has fully demonstrated the party 's and state 's resolve to severely penalize corruption in accordance with the law .
zhu bangzao pointed out emphatically : the chinese government has agreed to taiwan being an independent customs area of china , and under the name of independent customs area of taiwan , penghu , kinmen and matsu , taiwan should enter the wto following china 's accession to the organization .
according to reports , china and the wto members have reached an agreement on that issue , reflected in the council chairman statement of the 1992 general agreement on tariff and trade .
in the meantime , he also explicitly pointed out that foreign minister tang 's visit to iran will not involve military cooperation between the two countries .
zhu bangzao said : during his visits , foreign minister tang will extensively exchange views with leaders of the four countries on further strengthening bilateral relations as well as on international and regional issues of common concern , to achieve the objective of enhancing mutual understanding , deepening friendship , widening consensus , and promoting cooperation .
when answering a reporter 's relevant question , the spokesman explicitly pointed out that foreign minister tang 's visit to iran will not involve military cooperation between the two countries .
now the relations between china and iran are very friendly .
he indicated that foreign minister tang 's visit to iran will make a positive contribution to the further development of the two countries ' friendly cooperative relations .
in replying to a reporter 's question at a news conference of the ministry of foreign affairs today , zhu bangzao said : as a sovereign country , china has the right to take measures to enhance its national defense capabilities .
he pointed out : sino - russian military cooperation is aimed at strengthening national defense and safeguarding sovereignty and territorial integrity .
strobe talbott , us deputy secretary of state , will lead a delegation to attend the meeting .
during the meeting , both sides will exchange opinions by focusing on such issues as global and regional security situation , ballistic missile defense , and us arms sales to taiwan .
foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao also said at the foreign ministry news conference held on 15 february : at the invitation of chairman li peng , speaker yildirim akbulut of the turkish grand national assembly will lead a delegation of the turkish grand national assembly on an official goodwill visit to china from 20 to 24 february .
in addition , at the invitation of the government of the republic of croatia , zhu lilan , chinese minister of science and technology , will leave for croatia on 16 february as the special envoy of the chinese government to attend the inauguration ceremony of new croatian president stjepan mesic on 18 february .
beijing , 15 feb (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today that while being concerned about the attacks on us and japanese websites , china also objects to any form of bad behavior on the internet .
he said that the chinese government is very concerned about this incident .
he said : as the network economy is one of the important factors promoting a country 's sustained economic growth , network security is of particular importance .
when amending its criminal law in 1999 , china added explicit provisions to the criminal punishment on illegal intrusion into important areas of the computer information system .
zhu bangzao remarked : the relevant department of the chinese government is actively taking effective measures to really safeguard network security .
any bad behavior on the internet is not welcome .
beijing , 15 feb ( xinhua ) - - the utilization of foreign capital constitutes an important content of china 's opening up policy .
but in the face of new challenges brought about by the new trend of international capital flow , china needs new ideas on utilizing foreign capital in the future .
last year , the real amount of foreign capital used by china approached $ 40.4 billion . although the amount still maintained a certain scale , it decreased by 12.8 percent as compared with 1998 , representing the first negative growth in recent years .
first , it was affected by the asian financial crisis . another important reason is that china is not yet quite able to adjust itself to the current trend in the practice of international direct investment .
at present , more than 50 percent of direct investment in the world is carried out in a form of acquisition mergers by multinational enterprises . more than 90 percent of such mergers have occurred in advanced countries .
these new changes have ushered in new challenges for china in its efforts to attract foreign capital .
the markets of some service sectors in china have a great potential . these sectors , which have an extremely strong power to attract foreign businessmen , will become new hot spots for attracting their investment .
moreover , great efforts should be made to invite famous multinational companies to invest in china . besides , we should encourage these enterprises to establish research and development centers in china in a bid to accelerate technological progress and industrial upgrading .
at present , 254 of 500 biggest companies in the world have entered shanghai . the amount of contracted foreign capital for their projects has reached $ 9.3 billion .
meanwhile , great efforts should be made to attract foreign capital in the higher grade processing trades .
china has two advantages to attract foreign capital . first , it has tremendous market potential . second , it has a comparatively cheap labor force .
generally speaking , china has made continuous efforts to improve its investment environment . among developing countries , china is still a country with the greatest power to attract foreign capital .
in light of the need for the development of a national economy and the promises it has made for wto entry , china will open wider to the outside world . particularly , it will open up such service sectors as banking , insurance , telecommunications , foreign trade , commerce , and tourism in a systematic way .
these are moves that will provide a fine external environment for expanding the utilization of foreign capital in a positive and effective way .
recently , the chinese people cannot but express strong indignation at and firm opposition to the " taiwan security enhancement act " (tsea) bill passed by the us house of representatives .
this is a very dangerous political act on the part of the anti - china us forces in its attempt to permanently split china and undermine the great cause of china 's reunification .
once the bill becomes law , it will only incite " taiwan independence " forces into making reckless moves , thereby greatly increasing the possibility of cross - strait and sino - us military conflict and bringing disastrous consequences to sino - us relations .
the main purpose of the bill , which is divided into six sections , is to supplement and further implement the " taiwan relations act " and enhance the united states ' military commitments to taiwan .
the " tsea " bill is the second legal document regulating us - taiwan relations following the " taiwan relations act. "
when the time comes , whether or not taiwan joins the tmd system , the united states and taiwan have entered a quasi - alliance . once events happen in the taiwan strait , the law will provide a legal basis for us armed intervention .
pro - taiwan us congressmen made unwarranted charges against the government 's taiwan policy after president clinton , during his visit to china , openly pledged for the first time to pursue the us " three nos " policy on taiwan .
since last year , more than 30 of 80 anti - china proposals have been adopted by the house of representatives alone .
the passage of the " tsea " bill by the house has demonstrated that anti - china figures in the united states wanted to take the bill as a new force to contain china .
such containment can also serve as a bargaining chip in developing relations with the mainland .
since entering and hosting the white house seven years ago , the democratic party has not done anything that its opponent can hold against it in terms of economy , fiscal deficits , education , employment , and social welfare . the only thing with which the republican party can garner votes is clinton 's china policy .
according to us media reports , one of the major backstage promoters of the smooth passage of the " tsea " bill was cassidy and associates , the us - based public relations firm commissioned by taiwan .
an internal document of the us department of justice showed that the service fees taiwan paid cassidy and associates rose by 37 percent from january to june 1999 alone .
the document pointed out that a key figure responsible for promoting the adoption of the bill - - gejdenson , ranking democratic member of the house of representatives committee on international relations - - received political contributions five times from cassidy and associates in march 1999 alone .
in fact , since the signing of the sino - us " 17 august communiqu , " the united states has never halted arm sales to taiwan . moreover , in recent years , the quantity of the weapons it sold to taiwan has increased dramatically , while their functions and quality have been constantly enhanced .
to placate the congress soon after the release of the " 17 august communiqu , " the united states announced that it agreed to cooperate with taiwan again in making 30 f-5e and f-5f fighters .
the following year the united states sold taiwan military equipment worth $ 500 million , including 60 f-104 fighters .
while in office , clinton first set a precedent by allowing lee teng - hui and other senior taiwan officials and military officers to visit the united states . in 1996 , he provided military support for lee teng - hui 's presidential campaign .
they fight each other in the form of making a fuss together or playing a duet .
the fundamental interests of the us congress and the government are identical . they are only adopting different means and measures .
in short , when china takes military actions , the united states might assist taiwan . even though the united states wins the war , taiwan will be destroyed in flames of war . there is another implication in oksenberg 's remarks .
in other words , if united states enters the war against china , it will lose its current hegemonist position in the world no matter who wins the war .
therefore , the act does not conform to the interests of the united states and taiwan .
recently , president clinton and secretary of state madeleine albright respectively have issued a statement stressing that the us government will eventually veto the act .
history has proven that the chinese people never waver in their determination to safeguard the reunification of their motherland . it is extremely dangerous for anyone to try to go one step beyond the limit .
if this aggravates tension in the taiwan strait and sparks a war , the united states will not be able to shirk its responsibility for it in history .
a source from beijing said that a central department conveyed a document to the officials at and above the ministerial and commission level , referring the event to xinjiang terrorist activities .
as beijing enters the annual period of the march sessions of the national people 's congress and chinese people 's political consultative conference , armed police and security personnel in beijing are on full alert . witnesses say that " level three alert " measures were adopted at the xinhua gate of zhongnanhai near changan avenue .
a political bureau meeting scheduled for today is likely to present a report on the latest progress on the event , the source said .
public security personnel who first arrived at the site used mats to cover the dead bodies .
tiananmen square was unsealed two and a half hours later .
in the more than 20 years since the launch of reform and opening up , china 's socialist construction has achieved successes which have caught the attention of the whole world .
at present , china 's reform and opening up and modernization are in a key period of carrying on the cause and forging ahead into the future .
internationally , economic globalization is developing rapidly , science and technology are progressing by leaps and bounds , and economic ties between countries are unprecedentedly close and their influence on each other is increasing .
joining the wto will have a profound impact on china 's socioeconomic development and on reform and opening up .
as a result of eight rounds of multilateral negotiations held by the wto and its predecessor , gatt , its member states have greatly lowered their tariff barriers , and this has stimulated the development of international trade and world economy to a tremendous extent .
in the past half century , the weighted average tariff level of the developed countries has dropped from about 40 percent in 1948 to about 3.8 percent at present . the weighted average tariff level of the developing countries has now dropped to about 14 percent .
third , to settle trade disputes between members .
the wto 's dispute settlement mechanism plays an important role in ensuring the effective implementing of wto agreements and settling trade disputes between members , thereby creating a stable environment for the smooth development of international trade .
more and more wto members , especially developing countries , have started to make use of the dispute settlement mechanism ; from the establishment of the wto in 1995 to the end of november 1999 , the wto had taken on 144 complaints , 39 of which have now been settled .
joining the wto and further expanding our opening up to the world will be of great significance for spurring the development of our national economy .
taking the textile industry as an example , after joining the wto , the developed countries will gradually relax their restrictions on china in line with the provisions of the wto textile accord , and all quota controls will be finally abolished in 2005 ; thus our textile industry will gain more export and job opportunities .
continually expanding our opening up to the world , actively taking part in the international multilateral trade setup , and taking the initiative to adapt to the current international rules will help to promote the continual perfection of china 's socialist market economy system and impel the process of our reforms and opening up .
active participation in international competition will help to spur china 's economic restructuring and industrial upgrading , so that we can make better use of foreign funds , technology , and management experience to enhance and improve the management standards and operating situation of china 's enterprises , and boost our all - round economic strength and international competitiveness .
take agriculture as an example .
a few days ago , nato decided to replace landcent ( the allied forces ' command in central europe ) with the eurocorps , a non - nato staff department , as the head of the peacekeeping force in kosovo (kfor) .
this spectacular initiative by nato not only signifies the first independent move by eurocorps but also marks the acceleration of the pace in the creation of an independent security setup by eu .
arguably , it is truly not easy for eu to get what some have jokingly called " lieutenant 's command " from the mammoth military apparatus of nato .
during their summit held at the end of 1998 , french and british leaders published a " declaration on european defense , " asserting that eu should rely on a reliable military force and acquire the ability for independent military action . "
in 1992 , the armed forces of germany , france , and three other european countries set up the eurocorps without the participation of americans . the eurocorps is under the western european union and has nothing to do with nato .
at the end of last year , eu also decided to establish a 50,000 - men to 60,000 - men rapid reaction force by 2003 as europe 's own security safeguard organization capable of taking action within 60 days of the outbreak of a crisis .
next month , eu will set up a " political and security council " to formulate policies and strategies for its crisis management apparatus , the rapid reaction force .
even though the united states does not oppose the development of " europe 's unique defense " in words , deep in its heart it has felt uneasy about the tendency toward europe 's independence in defense matters , fearful that if the tendency continues , us dominance in europe 's defense matters will be difficult to sustain .
in the past , european countries have always depended on the united states for their military and security safeguards . the outbreak of a number of crises hitting the european continent in recent years has made it realize the crisis facing it .
especially during europe 's internal crises , such as the bosnia - herzegovina and kosovo crises , eu felt helpless and found it difficult to deal with the crisis on their own .
precisely because of this helplessness , eu has accelerated the pace to establish an independent defense setup , a defense setup that is not " purely an idea but possesses the ability to enforce . "
starting from today , we will run a series of reports by this correspondent on " moving toward a new millennium , " briefing readers on the future expectations of various countries , their strategic thoughts on development , and how they seize opportunities to cope with challenges .
in early spring , china 's northern neighbor , russia , is moving toward a new millennium with new hopes .
for the past few years , russia 's economic indicators have reached the highest level .
in the first 10 months of last year , direct foreign investment in russia hit $ 3.1 billion , 1.6 times more than the corresponding period the preceding year . this is the result of the improvement in the investment environment .
the new russian state duma was elected at the end of last year .
people notice that on the issue of chechnya , the russian government not only has enjoyed support from various political forces but also has brought about the unity of the whole nation . this is a political phenomenon rarely seen for many years in russia .
at the first government work conference this year , putin proposed three major tasks for 2000 : first , formulating strategies and plans for national economic development . second , maintaining the present favorable economic momentum . third , consolidating and improving the state power mechanism .
before that , putin told some scientists and university students at russia 's first science festival , that : " science and technology and education are a driving force for resolving russian issues . without being competitive in science and technology , the country will have no future . "
the russian government has a better understanding of the situation and the tasks facing it .
for the past decade , russia has seen a lower economic efficiency , a decrease in investment in science and technology , and a lack of enthusiasm for production investment , thus significantly undermining the social productive forces .
with the arrival of the new millennium , russia lost a free secondary school education system and a public health services system , for which it strove for many years .
the gap between rich and poor and the growing number of the poor are social phenomena in russia .
while russia 's crime rate is going up , its living standard is declining .
hence , russia first should step up efforts to develop " locomotive " products - - scientific and technological products - - and sharpen its competitive edge in the international market in order to spur overall economic growth .
at the turn of the century , a new and dynamic atmosphere indeed prevailed in russia , and the people pinned their hopes on russia 's future .
political observers , however , clear - headedly indicated that russia is a state full of variables , and that no one dare guarantee that there will be no further major political changes in the run - up to the presidential election , which is 40 - odd days away .
these factors are temporary . a country 's positive economic operation depends primarily on the increase in both investment and aggregate demand .
there is no optimism about these two major economic indicators for russia .
it was also disclosed at the briefings that beijing cracked 21,285 criminal cases , more than half of which were major cases .
over 21,000 suspects were arrested and 2,000 - plus criminal gangs were wiped out .
it was said at the briefings that beijing cracked 526 cases of drug - trafficking , arrested more than 700 drug - traffickers , and seized 138,000 grams of narcotics .
it was also said that beijing carried out raids on over 6,200 venues operating without a license or beyond their licensed scope , as well as venues where prostitution and other services of paid companionship were offered , and closed down more than 4,000 of these according to law .
armey expressed the hope that congress would vote before the end of july .
the lawmakers also distributed a report of findings by the us congressional research service on the agreement on china 's accession to the wto .
the report states : china is currently one of the world 's fastest - developing economies , and it is expected to become the world 's largest market for consumer goods and services .
china 's accession to the wto will provide the united states with an opportunity for massive exports to and investments in china .
citing projections by us secretary of agriculture dan glickman , the report states that implementation of the us - china agreement on china 's accession to the wto may increase us exports of agricultural products to china by $ 2 billion each year .
china and the united states signed an agreement on china 's accession to the wto in beijing last november . the agreement will take effect only after it is approved by the us congress .
from 1994 to 1999 , annual direct import from taiwan rose from $ 1.68 billion to $ 7.02 billion , up by 33.1 percent on an average , and annual export to taiwan from $ 530 million to $ 2.4 billion , up by 35.3 percent on an average .
at the same time , they transferred armed police corps commanders and put into effect a system of rotational transfers .
besides strengthening their missile defense and attack capabilities , the chinese communists recently went further to deploy the israeli phalcon radar on russian - made illusion-76 transport aircraft , thus possessing a preliminary airborne early warning capability .
on china 's unification and taiwan independence , 57.5 percent of those polled favored maintaining the status quo , and those favoring taiwan independence and unification between the two sides of the strait accounted for 13.9 percent and 10.4 percent respectively .
tang yao - ming yesterday held a spring festival dinner party with military reporters from domestic and foreign media .
therefore , the remaining 32 percent of voters who had not made up their minds have become the key to deciding the results of the election .
results of the poll showed that the support rating of the ch ' en - lu ticket , which dropped to 21 percent at the end of january due to the stock exchange taxation issue , gained 3 percentage points to reach 24 percent .
as to other presidential candidates , the hsu hsin - liang - chu huei - liang ticket gained 1 percent , and the other ticket did not show any gains .
further inquiry about the candidates they will likely support showed that those who had not made up their minds would add 2 percentage points to each of the ch ' en - lu and soong - chang tickets and would likely give the lien - hsiao ticket another 3 percentage points .
although the strength of the three tickets was about the same , on favoritism rating , the lien - hsiao ticket stood out .
the poll showed that 39 percent of voters thought that with the kmt 's huge resources and organizational and mobilization capacity , the lien - hsiao ticket , although its support rating has not risen , eventually will emerge .
changes in voter support for lien chan were also minimal , with 51 percent of respondents supporting him and 34 percent not supporting him .
the poll also discovered that voter confidence in the ability of lien , pien and sung in leading the state was the highest for lien chan , with 63 percent of respondents saying that they were confident in putting the state in his hands , and 20 percent saying that they had no confidence in him .
confidence in sung ch ' u - yu was similar to that shown in the previous poll , with 43 percent of respondents saying that they were confident in his ability to handle state affairs , and 39 percent saying that they had no confidence .
in early january , 42 percent of respondents said that they were confident in putting the country in his hands , and 39 percent said that they did not . in the recent poll , however , 39 percent say that they had confidence , but 43 percent say they had no confidence .
hackers are practically everywhere on the net ; government and military core secrets , enterprises ' commercial secrets , and personal secrets are all among the things they peep at .
it is of an intellectual nature .
it is greatly detrimental to society .
a host of facts have proved that the greater the dependence of society on network systems , the higher the incidence of computer crime becomes .
when designing their networks , many large foreign websites had attached great importance to their security .
as china 's major organizations are now becoming increasingly dependent on networks , there will be extremely grave consequences should hackers succeed in their assaults .
our country should develop its own anti - hacking technology and must not rely on imports . " if a lock is bought from others , it can be unlocked by others . "
even in the virtual space of networks , people still hope to have an unpolluted , blue sky .
beijing , 16 feb ( xinhua ) - - china 's railroads must stand at the level of the overall situation and strategy of modernization , actively implement the cpc central committee 's great policy decision on major development of west china , and lose no time in going ahead of the rest in promoting this development .
minister of railroads fu zhihuan talked freely about the thinking on railroad development in west china when interviewed by this reporter .
in their policy decision on major development of west china , the cpc central committee and state council have decided to concentrate forces to tackle the important work related to the overall situation of developing west china , and speeding up infrastructure construction is in the primary position .
at present there are 14,858 km of railroad in west china ; there is a shortage of capacity , there are few lines , and they are of low standard ; there are not many lines from west to central china , and inadequate routes between the western provinces and autonomous regions .
it is estimated that investment in large and medium - sized railroad construction projects in west china during the 10 th five - year plan will reach about 100 billion yuan , and that there will be about 18,000 km of railroad in the region by 2005 .
we should improve communications between the western provinces and autonomous regions .
we should step up the building of international communications .
we should intensify improvement of the existing lines .
the focus will be on completing the capacity expansion of the xining - germu section of the qinghai - tibet line , electrification of the chengdu - kunming line , and the capacity expansion of forming west china railroad electrification into a network , section by section .
fu zhihuan said that while speeding up railroad construction in west china , we should further implement the strategy for increasing speeds .
the passenger train chart for national day this year should embody the initial results in this respect .
for instance , passenger train travel time from beijing to urumqi will be reduced from 60 hours now to 48 hours .
jiang zemin , general secretary of the cpc central committee and state president , wrote the title of the handbook and also made important comments urging the leading cadres at various levels to conscientiously study taxation knowledge and to pay high attention to and actively support the tax collection work .
in shanghai 's renminbi trading market , the exchange rate of renminbi closed by a slight increase today , which , according to a dealer , was affected by the reduced demand for us dollars .
the closing quotation of the us dollar against renminbi was $ 1 to 8.2776 yuan , a slight fall from tuesday 's closing rate of 8.2777 yuan .
as china has fixed its economic goals at opening to the outside world in a comprehensive way , absorbing more foreign capital , and intensifying domestic competitive power , the pressure of renminbi depreciation will not exist in the coming few years , instead , there is room and demand for its appreciation .
he stressed that after entering the wto , china will have a sound equilibrium of international payments , and the exchange rate of renminbi will continue to remain stable .
it is anticipated that the export and investment this year will somewhat increase , and foreign investment will continue to grow as well after china 's accession to the wto .
in terms of exchange rate policy , china still adopts a floating rate system under which exchange rates are controlled and determined by market supply and demand .
thanks to the equilibrium of the international payments , china 's exchange rates have all along been comparatively stable .
a financial expert pointed out that , on the whole , there are three major factors that will make renminbi exchange rate continue to remain firm in the future .
first , the special characteristics and nature of china 's economic growth have conditioned the value and trend of renminbi .
china 's economic strength , particularly the foreign economic balancing ability , has been substantially enhanced in the 20 years of development , so that china is capable of accepting such a challenge as opening its financial sector to the outside world , and is powerful enough to maintain a stable currency value .
china possesses an exchange reserve amounting to over $ 150 billion and , at the same time , after nearly two years of stagnation , the export exhibits a momentum of vigorous growth .
china 's financial and monetary authorities expect that the implementation of the multi - currency policy and measures in 2000 will also contribute to the stability and appreciation of renminbi 's value .
in the meantime , a relative shortage of domestic resources will arise , making renminbi even more " valuable . "
besides successfully completing the mission of carrying out institutional reform aimed at combining the " three types of inspections , " they achieved fairly good results in performing their duty of enforcing inspection and quarantine laws .
in addition , they actively served the export sector and took the initiative in mapping out measures to reduce fees and improve services .
wu yi stressed : faced with the new situation in which china will join the world trade organization , we should expand the role of inspection and quarantine departments .
we should earnestly improve management , rationalize internal relations , and improve efficiency in law enforcement .
wu yi stressed : we should raise our awareness of service and provide good service to the foreign trade sector .
inspection and quarantine departments should draw on their advantages in technology , information , and service to serve enterprises and help them improve product quality , raise their technological standards , and expand exports .
in particular , inspection and quarantine departments play an irreplaceable role in expanding china 's exports of agricultural products .
in trying to expand the utilization of foreign capital , we also need the coordination of inspection and quarantine departments to create an investment climate that is favorable to improving the quality and standard of utilizing foreign capital .
the spirit of the plenary session of the central discipline inspection commission should be seriously carried out and attention should practically be paid to the work of leading officials honesty and self - discipline within the financial sector .
finance is the core of modern economy , he pointed out .
wen jiabao pointed out , in accordance with the actual condition of the financial departments , leading officials must pass " five barriers " which includes barrier of politics , power , money , pleasure - seeking , and relatives and friends before they can really act incorruptible and self - disciplined .
passing the politics barrier requires bearing in mind the purpose of the party , insisting on the basic line , abiding by the discipline , maintaining the true qualities of the working class vanguard , and serving the people wholeheartedly , wen jiabao said .
passing the power barrier means to correctly treat and use power , reasonably use power for the people , manage well the money , stop abusing power for personal gain and trading power for money , wen jiabao pointed out .
the financial sector is in charge of management , use and inspection of credit , bond and insurance fund . under the condition of the market economy , power of controlling financial resource is of vital importance .
the more power we control , the heavier our responsibility is .
we must have the public spirit and insist on principle .
we should by no means be able to take advantage of granting loans to ask for or take bribes and take advantage of stock - issuing and insurance settlement to make power - for - money deals .
passing the money barrier requires remaining uncorrupt , absolutely honest , incorruptible , and completely not getting involved in corruption .
our financial officials who manage money for the country and the people should be able to remain uncorrupted .
they should do their jobs conscientiously and be faithful in the discharge of their duties to let the party and the people rest assured .
passing the pleasure - seeking barrier needs to bear hardships before enjoying comforts , needs to be diligent and honest in work , and needs to work hard , wen jiabao said .
we are communists who should " be concerned before anyone else and enjoy oneself only after everyone else finds enjoyment , " should emulate work contribution and achievement not enjoyment in life .
we should start with the leading cadres to set up good examples for cadres at lower levels .
leading cadres should keep a cool head on this issue and must strictly discipline their relatives and children .
leading cadres should also discipline well their staff members .
leading cadres not only should be honest and self - disciplined but also should seriously carry out the responsibility system of improving the work style and building a clean and honest government , wen jiabao stressed .
leading cadres should insist on principles , should have the courage to manage or challenge a powerful opponent .
leading cadres at all levels should put themselves under the management and supervision of the party organization .
they should further rigorously enforce inner - party living regulations and list investigation of leading cadres honesty and self - discipline as an important content of meeting of democracy practice .
major issues must be collectively discussed and determined by the party committee in order to avoid personal arbitrary decision .
we should accept the social and press supervision .
we should publicize our work system , work procedure and work result and heed the critical opinions of the masses .
deputy secretary of the central financial work committee yan haowang presided over the meeting .
this is an effective way to deepen rectification and reform and to consolidate and enlarge the fruits of education and ensure that the " three stresses " education is not done in a superficial way .
facts have fully shown that the significance of the concentrated " three stresses " education is far - reaching and notable results have been achieved .
we should realize , however , that we cannot overestimate the success achieved ; some of the problems brought to light during the concentrated education have not yet been resolved well , and the task of implementing and completing the rectification and reform scheme remains very arduous .
it should be said that the concentrated education is the " top sheet " of the entire composition , and the thorough rectification and reform after the concentrated education is the " last sheet . "
if the concentrated education was done quite well , but the thorough rectification and reform work has not matched it , the results of the entire " three stresses " education will be greatly devalued .
the party committees at all levels must fully understand the importance and necessity of " looking back , " and make ever greater efforts to grasp " looking back " in the same way that they grasped the concentrated education , so as to thoroughly implement the central authorities ' plan .
in " looking back " it is first necessary to deepen study .
the " three stresses " education is self - education in marxism for leading cadres .
" looking back " is a process of study , enhancement , and unification of thinking , and a process of recalling and summing up , squarely facing the deficiencies , and making continuous progress .
all areas and departments must study in depth the important instructions of the cpc central committee and the important speeches of comrade jiang zemin in close connection with the reality of their areas and departments , and raise to a new level the work of summing up the past and planning for the future .
generally speaking , closely centering on stressing politics - - the core - - we should focus on enhancing ideological understanding and resolving the existing problems .
as regards the existing problems , we must analyze the causes in a truth - seeking way , unfold serious and conscientious criticism and self - criticism , and reach the goal of exchanging thinking , helping and enhancing each other , and promoting work .
we must make full use of the successful experiences of the concentrated education , carry forward the party 's work style of linking with reality , keeping in close touch with the masses , and practicing criticism and self - criticism , and be sure to pursue practical results .
an industry source said that operation of the nuclear power plant marks the end of the period in which china was not able to produce key equipment for nuclear power plants .
the successful development and manufacturing of the main ducts has filled the gap in china 's manufacture of nuclear power equipment . it also has an important impact on the development of china 's nuclear power industry in the new century .
nuclear power is one of the universally recognized safe , clean , and highly efficient energy sources .
taking advantage of its aod furnace smelting technology and its 20 - year old centrifugal pouring technology , it began to set foot in the manufacture of nuclear power equipment in 1996 .
his deeds have reflected the mental outlook of the party 's theoretical workers in the new period and provided profound enlightenment and beneficial lessons for conducting ideological and political work in various military units .
at present , reforms of state and military affairs are intensifying and new situations and problems are emerging constantly . therefore we are faced with many heavy tasks .
party committees and political departments at various levels must pay great attention to the study of theory and adopt effective measures to grasp this work in a solid manner .
yu yongbo said : the source of consciousness in studying theory is a firm belief in our ideals .
yuan shoufang , deputy director of the general political department , presided over the report meeting .
tang tianbiao and zhang shutian , deputy directors of the general political department as well as more than 300 cadres at divisional or higher level of the organ of the general political department and units directly under the department attended the report meeting .
xiamen caught the attention of the outside world last year when it was in a " complicated and difficult " situation .
hong yongshi confessed that the city had not done enough in building a clean government and had not been strict enough politically . due to laxness in education , management , and supervision of leading cadres , some profound problems had not been discovered in time and some leading cadres and personnel were involved in smuggling and corruption .
he said : the city has given positive support and assistance to the central special investigation team in the thorough investigation of major smuggling cases . it must make profound introspections in its future investigation and handling of smuggling cases , and draw lessons and inferences from mistakes in order to be stricter in running the government .
hong yongshi said : this year we will conscientiously implement the five - year plan , and promote the drive to govern the city by law . efforts will be made to formulate rules for administrative law enforcement , and make the government more transparent by implementing the system of openness in administrative law enforcement .
new york , 15 feb (zxs) - - zhang hongxi , china 's consul general in new york , said the taiwan issue is what all the chinese people are most concerned about .
zhang hongxi made these remarks when he spoke of chinese ambassador li zhaoxing 's reply letter to us senator jesse helms at a spring festival reception he hosted for overseas chinese media in new york .
zhang hongxi said : we have hoped for many years to use the formula of " one country , two systems " to peacefully resolve the taiwan issue .
now , some people , however , are trying to instigate chinese to fight chinese and compel us step by step to use force .
they turn a blind eye to things that are very obvious , and refuse to comprehend what is transparent to even ordinary people .
they talk about human rights everyday as if the 1.3 billion chinese people do not have a voice . they treat a few criminals as guests of honor and talk at length about what they call " human rights . " should we not give these people a lecture ?
he said : some of these people have never been to china and are totally ignorant about tibet . yet , they still stand there making criticism . their standards are truly low , although it goes without saying that the cultural gaps between the east and west are too big .
since the report on sentencing hu changqing to death was broadcast by the central television station in its news program yesterday evening , it has become the topic of conversation among people in various localities of the province .
in his speech at the forum , vice education minister lu fuyuan said : these incidents seemed to be accidental criminal cases but judged from deeper perspectives , they are the reflection of problems in various fields , such as school education , social education , and home education .
he expressed the hope that all social sectors and departments will care for and participate in , particularly all parents of students will understand and support , education work .
everything looks fresh and gay in the early spring of the year of the dragon , the happy festival time will soon come , and the bright moon is shining in the sky .
on behalf of the cpc central committee , he first extended new spring greetings to participants and comrades of intellectual circles and friends in the whole country .
we have won major victories in the three political struggles .
hu jintao pointed out : the year 2000 is a year of transit into a new century and is also the final year to accomplish the ninth five - year plan , and important fighting goals at the end of the century .
at the evening party , many old friends met again and some made new friends . the participants drank tea and talked with each other , exchanging sentiments of friendship .
china has decided to speed up internet development .
li pointed out : " after reviewing the relevant transcripts and notes , i have come to the conclusion that there was nothing wrong or inappropriate about minister liu 's remarks at the news conference .
the message he wanted to convey was that if the security enhancement act bill were made into law , the consequences would be even more serious .
the nearest comparison i can think of is that , as an american academic put it , even primary school pupils know that taiwan is part of china , but many political figures do not seem to know this truth . "
in fact , a few us congressmen have made some irresponsible remarks about the internal affairs of other countries , but it often happens they do not have even the basic knowledge .
this has aroused the indignation of the chinese people . the chinese diplomat just told the truth and yet helms and his ilk have flown into a rage . this shows that these congressmen are rude and unreasonable and are lacking in upbringing .
instead of becoming hysterical , it would be better for senator helms to calm down , comprehensively and objectively ponder sino - us relations , and have a better understanding of china 's present conditions .
on 11 february the headquarters for the first time directed the " routine military exercise " of using submarines to block the taiwan strait in the name of " welcoming the vessel . "
drill on blocking taiwan strait new deputy chief of staff guo boxiong will be in charge of the headquarters . this will be the first large - scale military exercise he has commanded since assuming the new office . it also is a new move taken by top cpc levels to train a new generation of military leaders .
chen bingde , commander of the nanjing military region ; tao bojun , commander of the guangzhou military region ; and yang guoliang , commander of the second artillery , will be deputy commanders of the operation .
two latest model missile destroyers made by china also joined the " vessel - reception exercise . " equipped with advanced missiles , the vessels have stealth functions . they are the first batch of china - made stealth missile destroyers .
the reserve forces at all localities also have started to clean air - raid shelters and examine air - raid facilities .
some of the transport ships and vehicles have been assembled . these ships and vehicles will be used to deliver troops to take part in the " routine military exercises . "
claiming to be denied entry by the hong kong government chen shui - bian also hoped that hong kong would be able to play a more frequent and positive role in cross - strait affairs .
he hoped that the hong kong media present at the interview would make more appeals on this matter .
deciding taiwan 's future by referendum however , chen shui - bian still stressed that taiwan was a sovereign state independent of the prc . he said that this was a fact as well as a reality , and that changing the country 's name was out of the question ( because taiwan is already a country ) .
alleging that lien chan had sent an envoy to beijing chen shui - bian demanded that lien chan clarify this matter to the public , but there was no response from lien chan yesterday .
he also alleged that lien chan had asked a senior kmt adviser to speak to lee teng - hui , asking the latter to give up the post of party chairman .
in particular , the 15 th national party congress , out of a strategic consideration of party building , state apparatus building and the maintenance of a lasting peace and order , gave a profound explanation and put forward even more clear and definite demands for preventing and correcting corruption at the revenue source .
the party committees , the governments and the fee and fine collecting departments at various levels have seriously carried out the spirit of the 15 th national party committee and the unified plan of the party central committee and the state council and have achieved noticeable success in practicing " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management .
this year , all the fee and fine collecting departments will comprehensively and thoroughly practice " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management .
the judicial organ and the administrative law - enforcement organ shoulder the heavy responsibility of implementing laws and regulations and their basic code of conduct and mandatory requirement are to manage government affairs in accordance with the law and enforce the law impartially .
so , to practice " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management is an effective measure to prevent corruption at the revenue source ; and it will play an important role in improving the work style of government organs , cultivating a good party style and government discipline and keep state functionaries honest and industrious .
we should see that there still exist some problems in the practice of " separation between revenue and expenditure " in managing the revenues of collected administrative service fees , fines and forfeitures .
to solve the aforesaid problems , we should , on the one hand , continue to step up propaganda and education and further strengthen supervision and management , while on the other hand , we should formulate and strictly enforce discipline .
once the work criteria and requirements are clarified , the discipline should keep pace with them . to back an order with law is an important guarantee for practicing " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management .
to promote comprehensive implementation of the " separation between revenue and expenditure " provisions , it is necessary to enforce discipline , use the discipline as a guarantee , resolutely investigate violators and apply strict disciplinary sanctions against them .
the supervisory , auditing , fiscal , commodity price and banking departments at all levels should improve coordination among themselves , do a good job in supervision and inspection , resolutely investigate and deal with any violations of the stipulations on " separation between revenue and expenditure " in revenue management , and never tolerate such violations .
the guangdong ling ao nuclear power station built by the sichuan chemical engineering machinery plant passed a readiness review by the proprietor and shipment was formally started on 16 february .
nuclear power has become one of the safe , clean and highly efficient energy sources universally accepted in the world , and many countries have considered it a key development project .
at present , only the daya bay nuclear power plant and the qinshan nuclear power plant have been built and put into operation .
a concerned person is convinced that importing nuclear power equipment from abroad is too costly and building nuclear power equipment at home will be an important factor in developing nuclear power in china .
nouakchott , 16 february ( xinhua ) - - the president of mauritania met chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan on 15 february , holding that mauritania is willing to strengthen the friendly cooperation relations with china in every field for a better future .
tang jiaxuan , at the invitation of ahmed , mauritania 's minister of foreign affairs and cooperation , arrived in nouakchott on the afternoon of 15 february for a two - day visit to mauritania .
taya wholeheartedly congratulated the smooth return of macao , and expressed resolute support for china 's great cause of reunification . he wished to see the two sides across the strait to realize the reunification in an earlier date .
after the meeting , president taya threw a bash on tang jiaxuan as a token of welcome .
tang jiaxuan will wrap up the visit to mauritania on the afternoon of 16 february , and leave nouakchott for tunis .
operation or service fees collected by institutions for rendering certain services do not belong to the category of administrative fees .
supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for establishing categories of administrative fees or meting out confiscation without authorization and in violation of the regulations shall be given the penalty of demotion or removal from office .
supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for assigning quotas of fines or confiscation openly or in disguise shall be given the penalty of demotion or removal from office .
supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for imposing administrative fees in violation of the regulations of the " fee collection permits " shall be given the penalty of a disciplinary warning or having a mistake or a serious mistake noted in the person 's personal record in case the nature of violation is serious .
article 15 . supervisors and other personnel directly responsible for opening a bank account without authorization and in violation of the regulations shall be given the penalty of demotion , or the penalty of removal from office or expulsion from the civil service in case the nature of violation is serious .
article 22 . anyone who violates these provisions and whose behavior constitutes crime shall be investigated to affix his or her criminal responsibility .
article 23 . these provisions shall come into force as of the date of promulgation .
the information industry should grasp the favorable chance that the state is carrying out the strategy of developing the western areas in a big way to accelerate the pace of developing communication infrastructure facilities and the information industry in the western areas .
the consulate general of the democratic people 's republic of korea [ dprk ] in hong kong was opened officially yesterday .
the office will process business visas and provide information on the dprk to the outside world .
this is the first time the dprk has set up a diplomatic organization in hong kong .
the consulate can provide business visas . however , hong kong residents who want to tour the dprk still need to apply for a tourist visa through a travel agency , and they must visit the dprk with a tour group .
in no way can such an industry be abandoned .
the united states is a " country on wheels , " whose economic development is inextricably linked with automobiles .
during the 15 years of japan 's fast economic development , the national economy of that country scored a 36 - fold growth , while the output value of its automobile industry increased 57 times .
in contrast , the british economic status has declined with the dwindling of its automobile industry .
sales records of beijing 's major automobile markets show that last year sales of private vehicles accounted for 90 percent of the total sales volume .
but if we develop it with new ideas and by using new technologies , i think we can open a new way .
in the past , the invention of automobiles certainly brought an earth - shaking change to the world .
the reason for pessimism among some people at present is that they have no confidence in our own technologies .
for instance , some of our science and technology experts once visited our big automobile plants and offered to help develop robots for doing the spot - welding and spray - painting work , but the plant managers said that they would not use china - made robots .
under the new opening condition , of course , we need to acquire technologies from others , but what is more needed is technologies created by ourselves and intellectual property rights that we can use on our own .
without developing our own technologies , we will have no way out .
if we rely solely on imported technologies , we will definitely be lagging behind others . can any foreign company give its key technologies to a competitor ?
we chinese scientists and technicians should launch a struggle : we should get china 's automobile industry involved in international competition .
the other is that we have advantages in certain fields .
now , the question of the world is how the world should change automobiles . when it comes to china , the question is how china should change its automobiles .
in addition to the above , we have to solve the question of safety .
to solve the above - mentioned questions , we should understand the different demands and study china 's automobile market .
take air - pollution control in beijing as an example .
although automobile manufactures are concerned about money - - they want to do everything possible to save money - - if the state has a law in this respect , the technology for clean exhaust gas will be developed and popularized .
all in all , there is ample room for development . what is needed is the market 's driving force and the related state policies . but the most fundamental determinant is whether we have the consciousness and resolution in this respect and whether we can concentrate our efforts on overcoming the difficulties involved .
china 's automobile industry as a whole is still at a relatively low level , and because of this , it has less problems hindering its development in the new direction .
to develop high technologies , we should aim high and have a firm footing .
beijing , 17 february ( xinhua ) - - the supreme people 's procuratorate today publicized the opinions on a three - year procuratorial reform , which aims to boost the procuratorial reform , improve the procuratorial work , perfect the procuratorial system , and strengthen the procuratorial function .
the state will encourage foreign - capital banks to set up representative offices or operational branches in china 's western region .
the state will permit cities in the western region to issue lottery tickets to accumulate funds for the construction of infrastructure facilities , such as museum , stadium and other projects of public welfare nature .
limits on scale will be removed for a certain period . the state planning commission will administer this work in a strict manner .
the state will try to establish an industrial investment fund in the western region .
special and favorable consideration will be given to the western region since the competitive power there is inferior to the eastern coastal region .
the eight major transportation lines are : passages from lanzhou to yunnan , baotou to beihai , xinjiang 's altar to hongqilapu , yinchuan to wuhan , xian to hefei , xining to korla , chongqing to tibet 's zhangmu , and changsha to chongqing .
those projects will be built with state investment and local self - collected funds . construction work will be started in segments in various provinces , autonomous regions , and the municipality . the railways departments will build " three vertical and four horizontal " main lines .
from 1998 to 2002 , china will invest 250 billion yuan in railway construction . the plan includes the building of 5,340 km of new railways , the expansion of 2,580 km of railways into double - track , electrification of 4,400 km of existing railways and the construction of 1,000 km of local railroads .
according to the plan of the china power company , in the next 15 years , china will lay stress on developing hydropower plants in the western region . the goal is to realize " sending electric power from the west to the east " and establish a national joint power supply network .
" gas from the western region will be transmitted to the eastern region " to ensure supply for 30 years .
the expert revealed that china is building a great energy supply line from xinjiang in the west to shanghai - abundant natural gas produced in the western region will be delivered to the economically developed chang jiang delta through gas pipelines to alleviate the situation of shortage of energy sources in the eastern region .
construction work will be done in 10 provinces , autonomous regions and cities .
at present , four main oil fields have been formed in tarim , qaidam , shaanxi - gansu - ningxia and sichuan - chongqing .
it has been a fine tradition and political strength of our party to attach great importance to ideological and political work and give full play to its important role in revolution and construction .
in directing china 's revolution and construction , comrades mao zedong and deng xiaoping attached great importance to ideological and political work .
as the party 's general secretary , comrade jiang zemin , in light of the new historical conditions , has made many important expositions on how to do good ideological and political work in the new situation .
studying , researching into , and propagating the expositions by the three generations of party leadership core on ideological and political work is of extremely important significance to strengthening and improving ideological and political work .
as far as its contents are concerned , this book has fully presented the expositions of the three generations of leadership core on ideological and political work as an integrated system .
it provides some important teaching material for the vast number of cadres and masses to study , research into , and propagate the basic theory of our party 's ideological and political work .
fu quanyou pointed out : combined operations are an natural product of the development of war ; and the combat effectiveness of an army in conducting combined operations has a direct bearing on both the process and the outcome of a war .
our army has also carried out active studies and explorations in this aspect ; in particular , the essentials of combined operations of the first generation , which was signed and issued by chairman jiang , has marked the beginning of a new development phase for our army in the theory and practice of combined operations .
we should adapt ourselves to the development needs of the times , and to changes in the pattern of war ; and conscientiously reinforce our awareness of overall interests , awareness of system , awareness of quality , awareness of information , and awareness of efficiency .
meanwhile , we must step up our work in every aspect of the logistics support of our army , so as to lay a sound material foundation for combined operations .
among those attending the symposium were kui fulin and wu quanxu , deputy chiefs of general staff ; zhang li , assistant to chief of general staff ; and cadres at and above the divisional level from the administrative organs of the general staff headquarters .
q : it is reported that us immigration and naturalization service officials currently visiting hong kong said that the united states might grant asylum to " falungong " members from china . what comment do you have on this ?
a : the " falungong " organization is a cult that endangers chinese society and people .
q : recently , a un mediator responsible for humanitarian affairs in iraq submitted his resignation to secretary general kofi annan to protest un sanctions against iraq , which have lasted nearly 10 years . an iraqi - based representative of the world food program also announced the resignation of his post as a representative for the same reason .
does china have any comment on the resignation one after the other of the two iraqi - based representatives of international organizations to protest un sanctions against iraq ?
a : china expresses its concern over the resignation of the two high - level iraqi - based officials of international organizations .
we urge relevant member states to adopt a constructive and responsible attitude to create conditions for improving the humanitarian situation in iraq .
hong kong , 17 feb (zts) - - incidents of hackers doing harm to networks in various parts of various countries have attracted great attention in beijing . a spokesman of the chinese foreign ministry explicitly said not long ago that china is much concerned about hacker incidents and any undesirable behavior on networks is not welcome .
although china 's internet made a late start , it has developed rapidly . it is estimated that at the end of this year , the number of internet users will reach 16 million and e - commerce will become a hot spot .
what shocked the computer specialists was that the network hackers were able to organize a large - scale attack on the networks so easily .
for example , on 27 january , hackers invaded into the international travel service vacation website , at which china 's first online tourist auction had just been conducted .
the computer center of the travel service discovered its secret codes were deciphered by someone with software used by telecommunications departments especially for deciphering secret codes of telephone users , and the hacker entered its chat room in the name of " wang guan , " and deleted all data of online friends registered with the chat room .
initial investigation showed that he is a student of the computer mathematics faculty of the postgraduate school of a well - known university . he has invaded , one after the other , a certain science and technology network and a certain information network in shanghai , causing economic losses of about 100 million yuan .
in recent years , while speeding up the development of the internet , relevant departments in china have energetically adopted effective legal and technological measures to earnestly safeguard the security of networks and to clamp down on network hackers .
he demanded that the us side respect china 's principled stand on this issue and stop interfering in china 's internal affairs .
the chinese government 's crackdown on the organization in accordance with the law is aimed at protecting the basic human rights and freedoms of its citizens ; it is also an effective measure to safeguard social stability and to prevent the organization from doing more harm to the public .
the spokesman said : the us immigration and naturalization service officials disregarded these basic facts and brazenly stated that the united states might grant asylum to " falungong " members from china . this is a typical example of the double standard adopted by the us side on the issue of cults . china expresses firm opposition to this .
at a foreign ministry news briefing here , zhu bangzao commended their laudable and active efforts in improving the humanitarian situation in iraq during their terms in office .
he said china hopes that the secretary general will name suitable personnel to replace them as soon as possible .
the spokesman said : the chinese side has always maintained that the un " oil - for - food " program should be earnestly and comprehensively implemented , so as to ease the humanitarian difficulties facing the iraqi people .
zhu bangzao said : china urges relevant member states to adopt a constructive and responsible attitude and create conditions for the improvement of the humanitarian situation in iraq .
beijing , 17 feb (zxs) - - speaking here today , foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao urged the taiwan authorities to hold negotiations with the mainland to end the state of hostility at an early date .
zhu bangzao once again enunciated the chinese government 's basic principles and positions on the taiwan issue : taiwan is part of chinese territory ; this status cannot be changed .
he said : at a recent ceremony held by people from all circles in beijing to ceremoniously mark the fifth anniversary of president jiang 's important speech , vice premier qian qichen once again clearly reiterated these principles and expounded them anew .
zhu bangzao pointed out emphatically : china has always maintained that the state of hostility across the taiwan strait should be formally brought to an end through negotiations and under the " one china " principle .
the chinese mainland has repeatedly urged the two sides of the taiwan strait to hold dialogue and negotiations on any issue on the basis of the " one china " principle when conditions are ripe .
having fully grasped the situation , zhu bangzao answered , at today 's news briefing held by the foreign ministry , relevant questions put forward by reporters prior to this .
at present , china has started implementing the " agreement . "
in december last year , china 's animal and plant quarantine departments already sent a pre - inspection group to california , florida , and other parts of the united states to pre - inspect oranges in the united states .
beijing , 17 feb ( xinhua ) - - state council premier zhu rongji met with visiting world trade organization (wto) director general mike moore at zhongnanhai this afternoon . they had a deep exchange of views on china 's entry into wto .
he said the wto is incomplete without china 's membership .
moore said china 's entry into the wto will be a historic event .
the day china enters the wto will be a great day to china and the world as a whole .
at present , the wto cannot yet be called a world trade organization .
only after china joins will it be able to really become a world trade organization .
he said that he and his colleagues will try their best to assist china to join the wto as soon as possible , and this will be of great significance to the wto .
he will also hold talks with shi guangsheng .
during the meeting , shi guangsheng and vice foreign minister yang wenchang were present .
beijing , 17 feb ( xinhua ) - - a second meeting of the state council on clean and honest administration was held in beijing today .
he then said that in the past year , governments at various levels have given top priority to the building of a clean and honest administration and the struggle against corruption .
zhu rongji stressed : the central authorities ' fundamental policies for reform and development this year have been clearly set , and concrete arrangements have also been made for the government 's work and tasks .
this is a year at the turn of the century , and it is of great significance for us to carry out our various tasks in reform and development .
clean and honest government depends , above all , on self - discipline .
they should not only strengthen their self - cultivation and be strictly self - disciplined but also do a good job in controling their family members and relatives as well as those working at their sides .
all major cases must be thoroughly investigated no matter which departments or persons are involved .
those involved must be unmasked and severely dealt with one by one , and we must not practice favoritism or be soft on them .
third , we should continue to make vigorous efforts to rectify unhealthy tendencies in trades and departments and conscientiously solve outstanding problems about which the masses are concerned with and are strongly object to .
we should resolutely stop various activities to compare with one another in reaching certain standards .
we should vigorously rectify unhealthy tendencies in the buying and selling of medicines , ensure that the medicines taken by the masses are safe and efficacious , and reduce the irrational burdens on the state and the masses .
we should continue to solve the problem of arbitrarily collecting fees by primary and middle schools and other educational institutions in order to lighten the burden on the masses .
fourth , it is necessary to be diligent , practice strict economy , and combat waste .
this year , we should step up our efforts to investigate and deal with cases in this regard ; we should seize on typical cases , deal with them severely , and make them known to the public .
we should continue the reform of government institutions and further change government functions .
we should establish an administrative system and working mechanism marked by high efficiency , coordinated operations , and standard behavior .
they should conscientiously enforce the " regulations on the system of responsibility for improving the party 's work style and building a clean and honest government " formulated by the party central committee and the state council and strictly implement the system of investigating those who are responsible for failure in building a clean and honest administration .
the supervision and auditing departments should adhere to principles , have the courage to crack the hard cases , are not afraid of offending people , and continue to improve their work .
responsible officials of the ministry of supervision , the ministry of finance , the ministry of construction , the state pharmaceutical supervision and administration , the general administration of customs , and the state economic and trade commission separately spoke at the meeting .
responsible officials of the central discipline inspection commission , the supreme people 's court , and the supreme people 's procuratorate , as well as of the central committees of various democratic parties and the all - china association of industry and commerce , attended the meeting on invitation .
beijing , 17 feb ( xinhua news agency ) - - " mao zedong , deng xiaoping , jiang zemin on ideological and political work , " a book compiled by the propaganda department of the cpc central committee , has now been officially published for distribution .
comrade jiang zemin 's expositions on ideological and political work represent a continuation , enrichment , and development of the theories on ideological and political work created by the party 's first and second - generation leadership nuclei .
they are crystallizations of the wisdom of the entire party , are valuable ideological assets , and are powerful theoretical weapons and important guidelines with which we can strengthen and improve ideological work at present .
this is our honorable mission and sacred duty .
the party 's leadership nuclei across three generations gave very brilliant expositions on the status and function of ideological and political work .
they conclude , in a nutshell , that maintaining ideological education is a central link in the process of uniting the whole party in a great struggle ; ideological and political work is a lifeline for economic work and all other work .
judging by the practice in reform , opening up , and socialist modernization in china , the deeper the reform goes , the broader the opening up becomes , and the more developed the socialist market economy is , the more important it is to set great store by the work in this respect .
our comrades across the whole party must be soberly aware that in the context of opening up and developing the market economy , the struggle in the ideological and political domain will not only continue to exist for a long time to come , but is also very complicated and sometimes may even become intense .
studying and publicizing the expositions made by the three generations of leadership nuclei of our party on ideological and political work requires us to study new circumstances , solve new problems , and actively explore the laws and methods regarding ideological and political work under the new circumstances .
this is an important idea that all three generations of leadership nuclei of the party have had regarding ideological and political work and also an important and urgent project facing our comrades across the whole party . we must make strenuous efforts to solve well this issue .
studying and publicizing the expositions made by the three generations of leadership nuclei of our party on ideological and political work should be combined with implementing the cpc central committee 's " a number of opinions on strengthening and improving ideological and political work , " striving toward comprehensively accomplishing all the tasks of reform and construction this year .
the tasks are very arduous . to unify thinking , bring people 's hearts and minds together , boost the morale , and arouse the enthusiasm and creativity of the people depends on our work , especially ideological and political work .
conscientious efforts should be made to strengthen the party 's leadership over ideological and political work , work closely around economic construction as the central task , and implement the guidelines , principles , objectives , and requirements of ideological and political work at the grassroots levels and the mass level .
mesic made those comments when meeting zhu lilan , special envoy of the chinese government and minister of science and technology , and her entourage .
mesic spoke highly of china 's economic achievements .
the same day new speaker of parliament zlatko tomcic also met the delegation of the chinese government .
tomcic noted that despite changes in its leadership after the parliamentary and presidential elections , croatia will continue to recognize that taiwan is an inalienable part of china .
on behalf of state president jiang zemin , national people 's congress chairman li peng , and premier zhu rongji , envoy zhu lilan extended her regards to croatian leaders .
the spokesman made the above - mentioned remarks while answering a reporter 's question on cross - strait ties .
zhu bangzhao stressed that taiwan is part of china 's territory and that this cannot be changed .
our basic principle on persisting in peaceful reunification and " one country , two systems " for solving the taiwan issue has remained unchanged .
it is generally believed that economic issues will be put at the top of the agenda for the third plenary session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] next month .
after institutional reform in 1998 , state council ministries and commissions , notably the setc , have attracted much attention .
when zhu rongji unveiled his cabinet , sheng huaren , then president of the china petrochemical corporation , was unexpectedly named setc minister .
sheng huaren advanced in years ; his achievements mediocre a source familiar with sheng huaren said that a diligent and conscientious official , sheng has a reputation of being an " old ox " of the setc .
sheng huaren , 65 , has reached retirement age at the ministerial level , and his achievements for the past two years have been mediocre . it is said that the top chinese leadership is not happy with sheng 's work performance and has decided to remove him from office at this year 's npc session .
sources revealed that sdpc vice minister li rongrong will replace sheng huaren after his recent transfer to the position of setc vice minister .
his transfer may well be termed " the resumption of his old profession .
" concerns over vacant positions of npc vice chairmen two vice chairmen positions are vacant after npc vice chairman xie fei died of illness and another vice chairman , cheng kejie , was placed under investigation for bribery .
there are concerns over whether the forthcoming npc session will announce and explain cheng kejie 's case .
li and huang have long been regarded as members of the fourth - generation cpc leadership . their transfer to beijing is just a matter of time , but whether the pair will be transferred at this year 's npc session remains to be seen .
when cable and wireless officially notified hong kong telecom on 24 january that it was negotiating with singapore telecom on merging the latter two , the market was not at all surprised at the merger .
reportedly , beijing did not give them an immediate response .
if uk cable and wireless is willing to sell hong kong telecom , there are several consortia in hong kong that are capable of taking over hong kong telecom . hence , they indirectly voiced their opposition to the merger between singapore telecom and hong kong telecom .
president ben ali asked tang jiaxuan to communicate his cordial regards to president jiang zemin .
ben ali indicated that the relationship between tunisia and china is very good . he expressed gratitude to the chinese government for its assistance to tunisia 's economic construction .
since tunisia is an incumbent nonpermanent member of the un security council , china is willing to strengthen consultations with tunisia and to work together with tunisia to safeguard the rights and benefits of developing countries .
ben ali said that china has a population of 1.2 billion . china has done a good job in resolving food , housing , transportation , and educational problems for the people , thus embodying its endeavors to respect the human rights .
at the invitation of tunisian foreign minister yahia , tang jiaxuan arrived in tunisia on the evening of 16 february to begin his three - day visit to tunisia .
on 17 february , he held talks with yahia on further developing the bilateral ties and the issues of common concern .
tang jiaxuan expressed gratitude to tunisia for its understanding and support of china 's great cause of national reunification and the human rights issue .
tang jiaxuan stressed that the chinese government pays attention to promoting and safeguarding the human rights and basic freedom .
as for the developing countries , the rights to survival and development are the highest human rights .
according to its own special features , tunisia has selected development ways which are suitable to its national situation and has made noticeable achievements in safeguarding social stability , promoting the development of the economy , and improving the living conditions of the people ; thus tunisia has done its best to safeguard human rights .
after the meeting , the foreign ministers of the two countries attended the ceremony to sign the agreement on the sino - tunisian economic and technological cooperation .
like arrows darting away from bowstrings , the missile launching operators , in full battle array , swiftly drew themselves into their combat positions upon the issuance of an order from the commander , " the antitank missile detachment launches an attack ! "
" missile erection is ready !
" fire ! "
one could only see that a missile launcher pressed a red button lightly with his index finger , and immediately , with the sound of a whistle , a " hongjian [ red arrow ] " rose high into the air dragging a fresh red licking flame .
on the field , the astonished crowd burst into thunderous applause at once .
until now , he has launched 16 antitank missiles , with a marvelous shooting average of 100 percent , enough to be compared favorably with the students majoring in antitank missile command .
in the missile company , there are plenty of expert soldiers like li bin who enjoy such good names as " miracle - working doctor of missiles , " " a wonder shooter of missiles , " " artillery expert , " and others .
as stipulated , a soldier needs to master only two of these weapons .
how could such a small detachment achieve so many tops ?
the training method was strongly opposed by experts when first proposed .
with repeated training of more than 1,000 times , the officers and men finally mastered the unique technique .
china is a big developing country whose economy is undergoing the process of changing tracks , and the economic growth in china has a very close relationship with the economic structure and adjustment .
looking back at the track of china 's rapid economic growth over the past 20 years , we can easily find out the fact that economic growth always originates from the structural imbalance , and the realization or disappearance of the growth always depends upon the distorted alleviation or aggravation of the structural contradictions .
therefore , the structure - related policies can be regarded as the core policies of economic growth in china .
after entering the year 2000 , what contradictions have emerged in china 's economic structure ? i should like to take this opportunity to advance my own views on two issues .
first , let me present my views on the first issue .
recently i looked up some research data and found that since 1990 , the proportions of the secondary industry and industry in the gdp as calculated at constant prices have been rising continuously , while that of the service industry has been declining , which is an extremely abnormal phenomenon .
comparing 1998 with 1990 , the proportion of the secondary industry rose from 41.6 percent to 55.6 percent , of which the proportion of industry rose from 37 percent to 51 percent , increasing by a big margin that was seldom seen before .
if we make a comparison of different countries in the world , we will find that the current proportion of china 's service industry is lower by about 10 percentage points than that of the low - income countries .
second , it is owing to the incorrect discrimination and prejudice against the service industry as well as the deep - rooted ideas that " a country cannot be prosperous without industry " and " the development of the service industry cannot deviate from the development of industry . "
the present proposition is to turn the agricultural population into urban population . however , we should not employ the traditional , planned approach of building a number of new cities and transfer the residents there step by step .
the genuine question lies in how we should form a more appealing and energetic urban economic development dynamic mechanism that will sufficiently attract the surplus labor power in the rural areas to move into cities by way of marketization .
very obviously , as a result of this process , a number of cities will come into being .
another example , the civilian - run economy is now gradually playing the guiding role in the economic growth as a whole , but the structure and system still have partiality for the morbid state - owned sectors .
what is more , china 's economy is confronted with the impacts from the global integration and network society , but at present all kinds of rules are seriously unsuitable to this situation .
the fourth structural contradiction is manifested in the fact that the company and enterprise management structural reform are not in place .
there is a very definite relationship between the company 's management structure and growth , because the investors ' confidence will not be strengthened unless there is a sound company management structure .
suggestions on structural adjustment [ subhead ] second , this is about the way of thinking and the orientation of policies for further formulating the structural adjustment policies . taken as a whole , the aforementioned structural adjustment policies are matters relating to further reform .
hence , the structural adjustment in the next step is , in essence , the institutional adjustment .
since time is limited , i think i will lay stress on the following four problems .
third , a major precondition of this adjustment is the division of labor between the government and the markets in terms of functions and roles , and what the government should do must be clearly defined .
fourth , a direct starting point for carrying out the adjustment policies is to continue the reform of the government .
beijing , 18 feb (zxs) - - a steady stream of reports that recently emanated from china 's authoritative organs indicate that the new tax system that china instituted in 1994 faces adjustment as china 's macroeconomic environment changes while it goes through a different stage .
moreover , china instituted land value - added taxes and regulatory taxes on investment in fixed assets , with a view to reining in overheating in investment through tax regulation .
as a deflationary trend has arisen in china , however , jump - starting investment has become a top priority .
this requires relevant adjustments to the tax system .
to this end , relevant authorities have decided to stop collecting regulatory taxes on investment in fixed assets this year .
taxation departments have already taken initial actions in those sectors whose incomes will not suffer greatly as a result of such actions .
relevant personnel said : china 's mid - term goal is to raise the proportion of its tax revenue to its gross domestic product to the average level of developing countries .
as china 's accession to the world trade organization draws near , the pressure of accession has become a driving force for further reforming and improving the tax system .
the new trends of development in the international economy are compelling china to adjust its tax system .
the two most compelling trends are the expansion of multinational operations and the growth of electronic commerce .
relevant personnel agreed that china 's current tax system is incompatible with these new trends and that efforts must be stepped up to study measures for coping with these trends .
although china has adopted some measures in accordance with the demands of the international and domestic economic environments for changes to its tax system , it must proceed prudently with overall tax reform .
in recent years , some students have run away from home and committed suicide as a result of the heavy academic burden from primary and secondary schools . from time to time , fatal incidents have occurred in which students were maimed or killed after their parents had put pressure on them and teachers inflicted physical punishment on them .
on 17 january this year , a student at zhejiang jinhua city no. 4 high school beat his mother to death because of his academic results and parental pressure .
although this is an extreme case in a tiny minority , it is sufficient to show : reducing the heavy academic burden on students and fostering their fine psychological quality and legal concepts are a pressing task .
since the prc 's founding , the party and government have all along attached great importance to the healthy growth of primary and secondary school students and have time and again checked the bad practice of increasing the burden on students .
the three generations of the party leadership cores , mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin , have issued important instructions on this aspect .
to implement the spirit of central leaders ' instructions on easing students ' heavy burden , the state department of education administration released a number of documents , adopted a series of measures , and repeatedly formulated special plans to reduce the heavy burden on primary and secondary school students .
hence , " the heavy burden on students " is not only an education problem but also a social issue .
these examples of effectively reducing students ' burden and helping them establish a correct outlook on the world and life and values have boosted our confidence in overcoming the chronic problem of " burden reduction . "
reducing students ' academic , economic , and psychological burden is not only a pressing task at present but also a long - term strategic mission .
we should educate cadres , headmasters , teachers , and parents to establish correct outlooks on education , quality , and talent so that the comprehensive implementation of quality education and the enhancement of education quality will become a society - wide consensus .
we should speed up the reform of the course system , structure , and content of primary and secondary schools and set up a new curriculum system compatible with social development .
it is also necessary to further reform the entrance examination system and promptly establish entrance examination and education appraisal systems that meet the requirements of quality education .
as a matter of fact , there is no positive connection between " burden reduction " and lowered teaching quality . instead , the purpose of " burden reduction " is to raise education quality .
therefore , parents should acquire a correct outlook on education quality , support school measures for " burden reduction , " and help schools genuinely ease the heavy burden on children .
doing a good job in easing students ' heavy burden has a direct bearing on the comprehensive promotion of quality education , on the healthy growth of the younger generation , and on the position of the chinese nation in international competition in the 21 st century .
shi guangsheng briefed moore on the progress in negotiations on china 's accession to the wto .
shi guangsheng said : after joining the wto , china , as a large country that acts responsibly , will fulfill its obligations , observe wto rules , and implement bilateral and multilateral agreements while enjoying relevant rights as a wto member .
he said : accession to the wto will bring both opportunities and challenges to china .
he said that china 's accession to the wto would benefit china , other countries in the world , and the wto itself .
he said that his goal is clear , and he hoped china would become a wto member at an early date , so that the wto would become a global trading body in the true sense .
at the invitation of shi guangsheng , moore arrived here on 17 february for a three - day visit .
sino - us relations experienced substantial twists and turns last year .
sino - us relations are now faced with opportunities for further improvement and development . there are also challenges .
we are willing to work with the us side to advance sino - us relations in the direction defined by the presidents of the two countries and toward the goal established by them .
vice premier qian emphatically pointed out : the taiwan issue has always been the most important and the most sensitive issue at the core of sino - us relations .
deputy secretary of state talbott said : the clinton administration is committed to the development of us - china relations .
president clinton is firmly committed to urging the us congress to support permanent normal trade relations with china .
talbott said that the us government opposes the taiwan security enhancement act and will prevent it from becoming law .
beijing , 18 feb (zxs) - - central military commission vice chairman zhang wannian met with deputy secretary of state strobe talbott , us undersecretary of defense walter slocombe , and vice chairman of the joint chiefs of staff joseph ralston today .
the two sides talked about the restoration of exchanges and the development of the relations between the chinese and us armed forces .
zhang wannian specially elaborated clearly china 's stand on the taiwan issue , including the issue of us arms sales to taiwan .
today , central foreign affairs office director [ zhong yang wai shi ban gong shi zhu ren 0022 1135 1120 0057 6586 0361 1358 0031 0117 ] liu huaqiu and the chinese people 's liberation army deputy chief of general staff xiong guangkai also separately met with talbott and his party .
both sides expressed the necessity of increasing contacts , enhancing understanding , expanding consensus , and promoting cooperation .
the chinese side pointed out that the development and deployment of national and theater missile defense systems are not conducive to the global strategic balance and not conducive to regional peace and stability .
" the day when china joins the wto will be an important day . "
before that , he was the prime minister , associate minister of foreign affairs and trade , and minister of foreign affairs and trade of new zealand .
he was elected member of new zealand 's parliament at 23 and was the youngest member of the parliament in new zealand 's history .
during his three - day visit to china , his main purpose is to look into the remaining obstacles to china 's accession to the wto , so that he can coordinate all parties concerned to accelerate the process of china 's accession .
moore said he was optimistic about china 's accession to the wto within this year .
he said , currently , all parties concerned hope that a final decision will be made within this year on china 's accession to the wto , and the secretariat of the wto will do its best to accelerate the consultative process .
moore took note of the opportunities and difficulties china will face after it joins the wto as a developing country .
but , after china 's accession to the wto , its problems will not disappear . china 's state - owned enterprises need to enhance their competitiveness and some industries will face competitions .
he expressed the belief that , with the chinese people 's wisdom and industriousness , china 's future is bright .
he said " this is an economic issue and more a development issue . "
according to cao siyuan , china 's accession to the wto will bring about five big changes : 1 .
promotion of trade liberalization after its entry to the wto , china and the more than 130 wto members will give each other favorable treatment in terms of trade .
promotion of investment liberalization the wto wants to break down not only trade barriers , but also investment barriers .
after our accession to the wto , the wto 's operational rules will be applicable to china , and it must ask us to radically improve our environment for investment .
this will open a wide space for soliciting foreign investment .
in the future , apart from sino - foreign joint ventures , sino - foreign cooperative enterprises , and solely - foreign - funded businesses , we must have a new form of foreign investment - - transnational merger and acquisition , that is , merger and acquisition of chinese enterprises by foreign companies .
this will enormously increase the total amount of foreign capital introduced into this country , hopefully from 1998 's $ 45 billion to $ 100 billion in 2005 . 3 .
the overall strength of a country is most primarily manifested by the competitiveness of its enterprises and products .
the competitiveness of enterprises and products , the fine product quality and low prices , and the big market enjoyed by the products represent the most important overall strength of a country .
the most cardinal effect of this convergence is that it will trigger our demand for further reforming the economic structure , government administration , and the entire political system . 5 .
the lowering of tariff rates will lead to a lower price level , either directly or indirectly , thus raising the purchasing power of the money in the hands of consumers .
we should guide the graduates to find jobs in the personnel market and ensure they are employed more rapidly .
localities and departments where conditions permit should actively and steadily promote the method of no guaranteed employment and should gradually establish a new mechanism for placing the graduates , which suits the characteristics of personnel distribution and flow under the condition of the market economy .
when employing the graduates , state administrative organs at all levels should strictly implement the " interim regulations on state public servants " and persist in employment through examination .
they should extend the period for the graduates to choose their own jobs in line with the spirit of relevant state regulations .
personnel service institutions under government personnel departments at and above the county level should serve as a personnel agent for the graduates who return to their native towns without having jobs determined , so that these graduates still can choose their own jobs through the personnel market .
the circular emphasizes : personnel departments at all levels should attach great importance to the employment of graduates , seriously analyze the local situation in this work , and study and resolve new conditions and problems in a timely manner so as to make the work successful .
they should make work procedures public and simplify the procedures for examination and approval to raise work efficiency .
they should actively coordinate with relevant departments to explore and establish the social security system for unemployment insurance and medical service that are closely related with the employment of graduates , so that a realistic and effective guarantee can be provided for the employment of graduates .
personnel departments at all levels should also coordinate and cooperate with education , planning , finance , public security , and grain departments to ensure the smooth progress in the employment of graduates .
guangdong province has made unremitting efforts to investigate and handle large and serious cases .
wang huayuan said : this year guangdong 's discipline inspection and supervision departments will continue to regard investigation of large and serious cases as the priority of the anticorruption work .
meanwhile , they will increase efforts in investigating the law and discipline violations in the financial , securities , and real estate areas , in the approval and transfer of the lease of land , in material procurement , in the judicial area , and in cadre - related personnel work .
beijing , 18 feb - - the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] and the third session of the ninth chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] national committee ( hereinafter referred to as the two sessions ) will open in beijing on 3 march and 5 march , respectively .
in the case of the npc standing committee , however , it is the vice chairman who delivers the report , while the chairman presides over the session .
president jiang forwarded an eight - point proposal for developing cross - strait relations in the current stage and for advancing the process of reunifying the motherland through peaceful means .
in june 1983 , mr. deng xiaoping proposed six concepts on taiwan policy for achieving the motherland 's peaceful reunification , making the concept of " one country , two systems " more specific and systematic .
president jiang 's speech again reiterated the hope of settling the taiwan issue through peaceful means and implementing two systems for one country , that is , the " one country , two systems " concept .
the successive return of hong kong and macao to the motherland marks major progress in the process of the chinese nation 's reunification , has strengthened the confidence of the chinese people 's fervent hope for early settlement of the taiwan issue , and has made the days of achieving the complete reunification of the motherland even more closer .
the smooth reversion of hong kong and macao should be a mirror . the confidence of hong kong and macao compatriots has been enhanced tremendously compared to that in 1996 .
in the activity , the news units have brought into full play the superiority of our party 's propaganda work and this is indeed a beneficial try at loudly singing the keynote ; taking the initiative to fight a battle ; persisting in positive education ; and upholding healthy tendencies .
luo gan pointed out : serving the people heart and soul has all along remained our party 's aim .
xu xingwei ( deputy departmental level ) , former deputy general manager of the chang cheng special steel ( group ) company under the sichuan provincial investment group , was suspected of abusing his authority and ganging up with others to embezzle 380,000 yuan , of which 160,000 were pocketed by himself .
for many developing countries , inequality and aggravation of poverty marked the past 10 years .
due to their weak foundation , serious shortages of capital and relative backward managerial skill , a large number of developing countries could not gain benefits from economic globalization , and the unequal international trade and financial management system further widened the gap between the south and the north .
according to a statistical report , the number of the most undeveloped countries has increased from 29 in 1976 to 48 at present .
according to research released recently by the united nations conference on trade and development , only $ 13 billion would be required to provide basic medical care for all people in the most undeveloped countries . this figure is merely equivalent to the cost of feeding pets in the united states and western european countries in a year .
looking at the problem from a historical point of view , the developed countries have the responsibility and obligation to provide aid to those developing countries .
it can be said that without frenzied plundering in earlier years , developed countries could not have been so prosperous today .
however , the actual situation is that the development aid is not satisfactory in amount , content , and types .
first of all , the developed countries ' aid has not reached the standard of 0.7 percent of their gnp , and the amount has been decreasing in recent years .
owing to inadequate funds , those development aids can only be used to cover the deficits of the most undeveloped countries and cannot be truly used for development .
besides , in providing aid , western countries often put forward many harsh terms on democratization , political system , judicial independence and human rights issues . sometimes , those countries even clearly limit the use of funds .
this kind of practice of " meddling in others ' affairs " not only will be suspected of interfering in internal affairs of other countries , but will often be divorced from the national situation of receiving countries or even bring disasters to receiving countries .
of course , in the face of future challenges , developing countries should also look reality in the face , strengthen internal unity , give full play to their own advantages , and accelerate their pace of development while trying to obtain more and reasonable foreign aid .
beijing , 20 feb ( xinhua ) - - through the efforts of more than 100 experts in nearly one year , the water conditions of the huang he have basically been determined , thus providing a basis for decision - making in the task of harnessing the flood problems of the huang he .
historically , many floods have occurred at the huang he , china 's second - largest river .
the water conditions of the huang he , especially issues that concern the strategy for harnessing the river 's water volume , standards for floods , and balance of supply and demand of its water resources have attracted much attention .
besides , the experts have calculated the volume of water flow during the river 's biggest floods in the lower reaches seen in 1,000 years and in 100 years .
the completion of the xiaolangdi project and the joint operation of the dams at sanmen gorge , luhun , and guxian will minimize the biggest flood in 1,000 years at the huangyuankou section to 22,600 cubic meters per second and the flood in 100 years to 15,700 cubic meters per second .
the experts have obtained the data for a balanced supply and demand of the huang he 's water resources and the forecast for water shortage .
new investigations show that the amount of water drawn for use by relevant national economic departments in the huang he valley and relevant areas is about 50 billion cubic meters . however , the actual water consumption is about 40 billion cubic meters , and the consumption of water from various rivers is about 30 billion cubic meters .
over the past year or so , under the cpccc 's leadership , party committees at various levels have strengthened their leadership , made arrangements meticulously , and done solid work to ensure a smooth and healthy development of the " three stresses " education .
the overwhelming majority of comrades are politically reliable , work seriously and diligently , and constantly make progress in various aspects .
they are in the prime of life , have received a relatively high level of education , are relatively active in thinking , dare to forge ahead in a pioneering spirit , and have done much hard work to implement the party 's line and central policy - decisions , and to promote socialist modernization .
however , it is also necessary to be aware that some clear weak points and shortcomings also exist among some cadres at this level .
a considerable portion of these comrades have problems here and there to varying degrees in party character and party style , and the problems of some comrades are even relatively serious .
therefore , it is imperative to seriously do a good job in conducting the " three stresses " education at the county ( city ) level .
first of all , it is necessary to gain a thorough understanding of the central spirit and deepen the understanding of the importance and necessity of the " three stresses " education .
on this basis , it is necessary to study intensely and carefully the books on the compulsory list according to the requirements for study stipulated by the central committee .
in carrying out " three stresses ' education in counties ( cities ) in a profound and down - to - earth manner , it is necessary to use the weapon of criticism and self - criticism to conduct positive and healthy ideological struggle .
an important reason is a lack of positive and healthy ideological struggle within the party and the failure to conduct criticism and self - criticism .
whether we can seriously and earnestly conduct criticism and self - criticism will directly affect the quality of the " three stresses " education .
we must resolutely overcome the anxieties of facing embarrassment and pains , and must open up our minds , address problems directly , dare to point out weakness , and seriously dissect ourselves .
in conducting criticism , we must be serious and earnest as well as enthusiastic and friendly with people .
we must communicate our thinking and enhance understanding through heart - to - heart talks .
we must seek truth from facts to reach the goal of clearly identifying the ideology as well as uniting the comrades .
top leaders of counties ( cities ) must directly face the grass - roots . the people may have a little more opinions . however , the leaders must not be too anxious because of this and be afraid to directly conduct " three stresses " education .
our party members and cadres are to serve the people . listening adequately to the people 's opinions is the precondition and basis for offering good service to them .
we must correctly handle the people 's opinions and use them as a driving force to improve our work . we will then continue to improve on our ideology and work .
if possible , we must immediately rectify problems the people are concerned about so that they will continue to see the results of the " three stresses " education , thus enhancing their confidence in the " three stresses " education .
the members of the standing committee of the cpccc political bureau have shown us an example by engaging in mobilization activities for deepening the " three stresses " education in counties ( cities ) .
we must closely integrate the " three stresses " education into the promotion of current tasks so as " not to delay but improve the education and current tasks . "
on the morning of 20 february , chi haotian went to the zhuhai base of the pla macao garrison to visit officers and soldiers there .
he said : the historical contributions made by the pla hong kong garrison and the pla macao garrison will shine forever in the annals of the pla 's history . during his inspection , chi haotian respectively heard briefings presented by leaders of the garrisons .
upholding the party 's absolute leadership over the army represents our fundamental principle and our everlasting military spirit .
chi haotian said : the key to building qualified military units lies in building well leading groups of the party committees .
leading cadres at all levels should be clean , honest , and industrious . we should strive to increase the party committees ' rally force and fighting capacity .
chi haotian particularly stressed the importance of administrating the armed forces along legal lines and being strict with them .
he said : the basic requirement for the pla hong kong garrison and the pla macao garrison as well as for the whole army is this : they should have rigid military discipline , appearance , and bearing . they should have enthusiastic and lofty spirit . they should have civilized manner .
zhu rongji fully affirmed the achievements scored in customs work .
comrade jiang zemin 's remark greatly jolted and produced a profound impact in the nation .
under the arrangements of the political and law departments , the customs sector firmly implemented the cpc central committee 's major policies and , together with relevant departments , launched a large - scale special drive against smuggling , scoring marked results and dealing a quick , heavy blow to smugglers .
thanks to stepped up collection and management of customs duties , to strict customs duties calculation , and to in - depth checks , customs revenue went up greatly .
at the same time , reform and building of the customs sector have made major progress .
first , it is necessary to continuously intensify anti - smuggling efforts , always keep up the pressure on smugglers , not to let up the effort , guard against smuggling , deal a heavy blow to smuggling , and never to allow the relapse of smuggling activities .
second , it is necessary to manage tax collection according to law , strictly supervise and manage tax collection , ensure collection of taxes that should be collected , and ensure fulfilling tax collection tasks .
third , reform needs to be deepened and modernization of customs system should be enhanced .
reform of customs clearance should be a starting point for the comprehensive promotion of various reforms .
a good job needs to be continuously done in establishing computer networks , in accelerating realization of computerization in customs management , particularly in giving full play to the role of a " national customs declaration form checking system , " and in accelerating the development of the " computerized law enforcement system at the nation 's ports . "
problems as exposed in the ranks of customs departments need to be correctly recognized .
corruption cases must be thoroughly investigated and corrupt elements should be severely punished according to law .
unhealthy tendencies at various trades and professions need to be rectified in a down - to - earth manner . all customs personnel must be absolutely fair in enforcing the law .
all customs departments must enhance and improve internal management and concentrate efforts on doing well in management .
since the introduction of the reform and opening - up policy , gaozhou has made noticeable achievements in economic development and social progress thanks to the guidance of the party 's reform and opening - up policies and the arduous efforts made by the broad masses of the cadres and the people there .
on the morning of 20 february , jiang zemin heard reports by the gaozhou city party committee and government on party building and on preparations for conducting the " three stresses " education .
on the same afternoon , the gaozhou city party committee held the " three stresses " education meeting of leading cadres . over 600 people , including town - level party and government leading cadres in gaozhou , attended the meeting .
the " three stresses " education is aimed at pushing the party building forward and further making ideological , political , and organizational preparations for the party to advance forward in the new century .
jiang zemin stressed that working in line with the tasks of the party for a certain historical period of time , upgrading the cadres ' ideological and political levels through concentrated study and education , and resolving the conspicuous problems within the party are effective methods that our party takes to strengthen self - construction .
historical experiences proved that the party building passes through the entire course which the party leads the people to fight ceaselessly ; it also provides powerful guarantees for the realization of the fighting goal of the party .
through the education , the standing committee members all maintained that conscientiously summing up work , strictly conducting self - analysis , and conscientiously hearing the opinions by the comrades and the masses help strengthen the accomplishment and practice of party spirit , improve ideological and political levels , and intensify and improve work .
the party committees at various levels should pay attention to linking the " three stresses " education with the promotion of reform , development , and stability in the current stage .
meanwhile , standing in the forefront of the education and with the heavy task of reform , opening up , and construction , county ( city ) leaders should firmly take economic construction as a center and carefully arrange and realistically and firmly achieve the work in all areas .
jiang zemin accented that the first 20 years of the 21 st century is the most important period of developing the undertaking of the party and the people , as well as one to train the cadres at the county ( city ) level , to enrich their experience , and to bring their talents into play .
only when counties ( cities ) achieve their work will there be a firm foundation of the masses and a firm social foundation for the long - term order and stability of the party and the state .
jiang zemin pointed out that unswervingly implementing the party 's line , policies , and principles to the letter and resolutely carrying out the party 's line , policies , and principles despite repeated setbacks are basic political demands on all leading cadres .
there are over 2,000 counties ( cities ) in china . each county has its own actual conditions . so , we cannot ask all of them to follow the same pattern in implementing the central policies and principles and carrying out the work in all areas .
at present , the agricultural sector has entered a new stage of development , the agricultural sector and town and township enterprises are under restructuring , and the task for increasing the peasants ' incomes is very heavy .
jiang zemin emphasized that the transformation of the objective world and the subjective world is constantly two important tasks ahead of each and every party member and each and every party leading cadre .
the leading cadres at various levels , including county ( city ) leading cadres , should persist in telling truth , work and behave honestly , and insist on self - respect , self - examination , self - vigilance , and self - motivation .
communist party members should further consciously strengthen their ideological accomplishment and the transformation of their own subjective world .
as long as we accurately clarify these questions , then we will be able to behave justly .
chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan and his iranian counterpart kharrazi held talks in tehran on 20 february .
he said : iranian - chinese relations have solid historical origins and the two countries have made important contributions to mankind 's civilization ; therefore today we should continue to strengthen cooperation .
iran is of the view that no country should impose its own culture and civilization on other countries .
therefore , president khatami proposed dialogue between civilizations , and the international community has positively responded to his proposal .
he said : my visit is to further enhance the mutual understanding and friendship between china and iran and to boost development of bilateral friendly cooperation in all fields .
the " silk road " of the past brought closely together the chinese and iranian civilizations , the two great civilizations of the east .
china is of the view that only by stepping up cooperation and increasing exchanges between countries on the basis of mutual respect and treating each other equally can mutual trust between them be enhanced , can they seek common ground while reserving differences , and can mankind 's civilizations jointly develop and progress .
both china and iran are developing countries of asia and they hold identical or similar views on many important international and regional issues .
in the new century , china will be willing to make joint efforts with iran to continue to cement and strengthen exchanges and cooperation in various fields between our two countries and to endeavor to build long - term , stable , ever - developing , and friendly relations of cooperation between our two countries .
iran expressed its willingness to encourage iranian enterprises to actively take part in developing the western region of china .
it is reported that this southern tour of jiang zemin may be connected with the elevation of shenzhen to a municipality directly under the central government .
in addition , since the march national people 's congress [ npc ] session is imminent , the attention of outsiders has also been aroused by whether this southern trip has anything to do with transferring guangdong provincial cpc committee secretary li changchun .
our reporter yesterday sent a telegram to the propaganda department of the shenzhen city cpc committee to inquire whether jiang zemin 's southern tour is connected with the elevation of shenzhen to a municipality directly under the central government .
according to reports , the time is now near for clinching the elevation of shenzhen to the fifth municipality directly under the central government ; this could happen this year or next , at the earliest .
according to reports , on this southern tour jiang zemin may very well console guangdong to help them understand the central authorities ' intentions and agree to shenzhen 's elevation .
if shenzhen is elevated to this status , its administrative setup will be directly subordinate to the state council leadership , and guangdong 's economic strength will be affected to a greater or lesser extent on account of shenzhen 's " independence . "
according to information , jiang zemin arrived to inspect work in guangdong the day before yesterday .
people concerned have stated that jiang zemin has always attached very great importance to work in guangdong ; when touring guangdong in 1993 , he demanded that guangdong " create new strong points and climb one story higher . "
according to information , during his stay in guangdong , jiang zemin will inspect the army , navy , and air force units stationed in the province .
according to sources , the cpc is now launching the " three stresses " ( study , politics , and healthy atmosphere ) at all levels .
outsiders had previously favored li changchun for transfer to the central authorities sooner or later .
current rumors have it that li changchun may become a vice premier at the npc next month to share responsibility for the work of vice premier wen jiabao , who is reported to be in charge of developing western china .
li changchun was suddenly transferred to the south before the opening of the 1998 npc , and people are watching to see if he will suddenly be transferred north at next month 's npc .
according to information , the cpc central committee has decided that the several million party cadres through the country must take part in study classes to examine themselves , and also accept assessment by their subordinate cadres ; everyone has to pass the test .
beginning yesterday afternoon , workers of the shenzhen railway station were on the platform sweeping the building clean , and maintenance men were repairing the wall around the station ; the stored red carpet had also been moved onto the platform .
according to reports , after arriving in shenzhen , jiang zemin will first hear a work report by city cpc committee secretary zhang gaoli , after which he will inspect some prominent hi - tech enterprises in the city and deliver an important speech to promote high technology as a new development orientation for the sez in the future .
it is reported that an air force division from the jinan military region participated in the exercise , which was conducted after the new year with a view to mustering the fighters of a whole division to engage in long - distance sea - crossing surprise - attack operations .
recently the pla air force has stepped up exercises noticeably .
after graduation , they will be the first to be assigned to key units of the air force .
an official of a department for work toward taiwan pointed out that adjustments of the taiwan policy on a " technical level " show that the mainland 's basic policy toward taiwan will not change and need not be changed .
the mainland 's basic taiwan policy is : pursuing peaceful reunification and " one country , two systems " under the premise of one china , yet without giving up the use of force .
china will make minor adjustments on its taiwan policy because of the following facts : first , the issue of national reunification has entered the third phase . hong kong 's return is the first phase , and macao 's return is the second . taiwan 's reunification with the mainland will be the third and last phase .
second , lee teng - hui 's " two - state theory " further strengthened cpc leaders ' earnest hope that " an early reunification is better than a late one . "
the " eight - point proposal " primarily calls for the realization of cross - strait political negotiations .
after taiwan 's new leaders take power , the premise for resuming cross - strait political dialogue is that the new taiwan leaders must be pragmatic , that is , must not pursue taiwan independence .
since the longer the reunification issue drags on , the more troublesome the issue will become , resolving the taiwan issue at an early date has become the consensus of cpc leaders .
beijing , 21 feb ( xinhua ) - - learned by our reporter from the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation , the import - export operations right to china 's enterprises is being gradually transitioned from the examination and approval system to the registration system .
thus far , all the manufacturing enterprises and the scientific research institutes that meet the criterion have obtained the import - export operations right after registering with the authorities concerned in accordance with the relevant regulations .
as early as in 1996 , the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation began implementing the registration system on a trial basis among the manufacturing enterprises in the five economic special zones .
currently , the production enterprises and the scientific research institutes with the right to operate import and export can be found all over the country and in all the national economic spheres .
this move has enabled numerous manufacturing enterprises and scientific research institutes to directly participate in the international competition , thus having helped expand foreign trade and export .
however , such a fair , reasonable , and legitimate regulation was obstructed by a legislative council sub - committee responsible for discussing and examining it and failed to pass through .
as for this , the sar government has reiterated that it will not give up its stand and will submit a new draft regulation to the legislative council for deliberation and examination later on .
first , it should be pointed out that the issue of whether or not the hong kong - based central organs should enjoy immunity is not just an issue on making things faster and more convenient . rather , it is an issue concerning the principle of sovereignty .
this principle has applied to almost all common law jurisdictions , such as britain , new zealand , australia , and so on . "
the fact is crystal clear that the sovereign power 's institutions had enjoyed immunity during the period under the british rule . it is definitely not a new thing that has come up since the handover and nor should it be construed as a " privilege " on the part of the hong kong - based central organs .
the fact is : should they refrain from exercising or inheriting such immunity , the hong kong - based central organs would violate the tradition of legal precedents in a common law jurisdiction and run counter to the basic law .
though the garrison vehicles had a few small accidents , those accidents were properly settled and the garrison has never asked for special treatment or " bullied others with the backing of power . "
beijing has been so short of water resources that recently some media have , on behalf of the water resources bureau , spread the following news : if we are faced with another year of drought , it is likely that there will be no running water in your house .
in the view of qian yi , academician at the chinese academy of engineering and professor at qinghua university , the beijing water crisis has become so serious that it is necessary to consider the issue of moving the capital to another place .
how should we look at such a great disparity ?
as far as i am concerned , i attach more importance to the water shortage than the index .
beijing 's annual average volume of utilizable water resources is about 4.1 billion cubic meters . judging from the existing facilities and management level , this does not come up to the requirements for turning beijing into an international metropolis and a city with first - rate environmental quality .
even if the project to " divert water from the south to the north " is completed in 2010 , it can only provide 1.2 billion cubic meters of water . and the cost is so high that users can hardly afford it .
yan changyuan , director of the beijing municipal bureau of water resources , told beijing reporters that even after a series of measures were taken , the situation in water supply and demand would still be very serious should there be an extremely dry year and should the dry spell go on for several years .
the river courses at the lower reaches are mostly filled with super - category 5 water substances , where basically no organisms can survive .
due to the threat of pollution , the beijing guanting reservoir stopped supplying drinking water in 1997 .
the " general report on planning for the sustainable use of water resources in the capital in the early 21 st century " has named guanting reservoir as a reserve water resource in the event of an emergency .
however , it also stresses the need to speed up silt disposal and polluted water treatment .
last summer and during the spring festival this year , i went twice to hebei , which is the upper reaches of guanting reservoir .
for this reason , moving the capital to another place is not alarmist talk .
china 's cities lack 6 billion cubic meters of water annually , with a daily shortage of more than 16 million cubic meters of water .
at present , the surface water that has become undrinkable due to pollution accounts for 40 percent of monitored waters ; 50 percent of underground waters are polluted ; and 64 percent of people drink water from unfit water resources .
nearly one half of the river segment is polluted , and one tenth of the rivers have been seriously polluted for a long time so that the water has lost its use - value .
according to an expert 's estimate , the peak of china 's water shortage will emerge in 2010 and 2020 .
get into action at once !
no one from the central military commission was with jiang zemin during his current inspection tour of southern china .
however , liu shutian , political commissar of the guangzhou military region , was with jiang zemin where he went .
the sources said jiang zemin may inspect the 42 d army in huiyang .
the passing of the taiwan security enhancement act ( hereinafter referred to as tsea ) by the us house of representatives on 1 january [ as published ] this year has led to china 's solemn representation and caused tension in sino - us relations once again .
actually , an informed source in beijing has revealed that what liu xiaoming has said is exactly what was in the minds of china 's top leaders .
the informed source pointed out : once the united states enacts the tsea into law , beijing will react politically , diplomatically , and militarily in substance .
by that time , it would not be surprising at all to see large - scale nationwide anti - us demonstrations .
- - efforts should be made to strengthen technological innovation , accelerate structural readjustment , and foster a number of enterprise groups and key product r & d bases with international competitiveness in key areas like microelectronics , software , computer and telecommunications .
he said : at present , the " telecommunications regulations " have been submitted for review , the work of drafting the " telecommunications law " is being carried out in earnest , and the revision of the " postal law " and its rules of implementation as well as the " radio regulations " are under way .
wu jichuan said that efforts must be made to gradually develop business competition of different forms and at different levels in the sphere of telecommunications and establish a fair and effective framework of market competition through macro - control and the monitoring of market operations .
he disclosed that china was in the process of speeding up the building of a national internet switching center . the beijing internet center will be completed in the first quarter of this year and plans for the building of other regional internet centers are under way .
on the question of standardizing the market for electronic and information products , wu jichuan said that the departments concerned were trying their best to supplement and improve the rules and regulations for market management and rectify improper competition between enterprises , and were intensifying their fight against dumping , monopoly and smuggling .
he said : china 's entry into the wto is an opportunity as well as a challenge for the information industry .
beijing , 21 february ( xinhua ) - - in may last year , the cpc central committee and the state council issued a circular , imposing a strict prohibition on building facilities commemorating late leading comrades .
over the past years , center - approved facilities commemorating revolutionaries of the older generation have played an important role in educating cadres and ordinary people at large , especially young people , on revolutionary traditions and patriotism .
however , these central regulations still have not been satisfactorily implemented in some localities , and the phenomenon of unauthorized building of facilities commemorating late leading comrades has been becoming ever more serious in a few localities .
to resolutely stop the above - mentioned bad practices , the circular reiterated and issued the following injunctions : 1 . cpc committees , governments , and cpc - member leading comrades at large of all levels should fully understand the important significance of the center 's decision to prohibit the unauthorized building of facilities commemorating late leading comrades .
our party is a party which serves the people whole - heartedly , and the nature and purpose of the party have determined that the party must proceed on the basis of promoting the people 's interest and aim to promote the people 's interest .
late leading comrades ' purpose of joining the revolution was to promote the people 's interest , instead leaving behind commemorating establishments showing their contributions after their death .
as per capita farmland is small in the first place , the unauthorized use of farmland , forest land , or even land in scenic areas for building tombs of late leading comrades not only constitutes a serious wasting of land and other resources , but is also a practice which is very irresponsible to the future generations .
deng xiaoping 's exemplary conduct of making immortal contributions to the party and the nation and simplifying his funeral built an eternal monument in the hearts of the masses of the people and set a glorious example for the entire party and the entire country .
in the two years and more since comrade deng xiaoping 's death , some localities have proposed to build facilities commemorating comrade deng xiaoping . but , members of comrade deng xiaoping 's family proposed to the center many times that no facilities commemorating comrade deng xiaoping be built .
in the absence of the cpc central committee 's and the state council 's planning and arrangements , no locality or unit shall build or expand any late leading comrade 's memorial hall , memorial pavilion , monument , tomb park , tomb , statue , former residence , or any other commemorative facility .
late leading comrades ' ashes should be appropriately placed in accordance wit the relevant rules .
late leading comrades ' ashes which are in the babaoshan revolutionary cemetery of beijing or revolutionary cemeteries of other cities should , as a general rule , not be moved to other places for burial or placement purposes .
with regard to approved requests made by late leading comrades ' families to move the ashes to other places for burial or placement purposes , it is necessary to finish all such moving at one time .
cpc committees , governments , and relevant departments at all levels should uphold principles , persist in acting in accordance with the rules , and never give any unauthorized approval for or carry out any unauthorized construction of any commemorative facility because of personal relationships .
if some members of late leading comrades ' families or staffs reject the advice , pressure the localities , and obstinately demand the establishment of facilities commemorating the late leading comrades , such persons ' work units should seriously handle the cases .
no unit or individual shall gather funds , impose levies , collect contributions , or solicit sponsorship in the name of building or expanding commemorative facilities . 6 .
the late leading comrades discussed in this paper refer to comrades who held leadership positions of the provincial - ministerial level before their death , the circular pointed out .
in regard to the building of facilities commemorating other late leading comrades , the spirit of this circular should be followed where appropriate .
beijing , 21 feb ( xinhua ) - - today , the state council taiwan affairs office and state council information office issued a white paper entitled " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue . "
this white paper is comprised of five sections as well as a preface and concluding remarks .
the " preface " points out that resolving the taiwan issue and realizing the complete reunification of china is in the fundamental interests of the chinese nation .
the chinese government has been consistent from beginning to end in upholding the one - china principle and resolutely opposing any attempts to separate taiwan from china .
the struggle between the chinese government and those splittist forces led by li teng - hui is mainly manifest on the issue of upholding one - china principle or creating " two chinas " and " one china , one taiwan . "
therefore , it is necessary to further explain the standpoints and policies of the chinese government about upholding one - china principle to the international community .
on the day of its establishment , the central people 's government of the people 's republic of china proclaimed to governments of all countries : " this government is the only legitimate government representing all the people in the people 's republic of china .
this government is willing to establish diplomatic relations with governments of any foreign countries on the basis of equality , mutual benefit , and mutual respect for sovereignty and territorial integrity . "
the principle of new china for establishing diplomatic relations with foreign countries is that foreign countries must recognize the government of the people 's republic of china to be the only legitimate government representing whole china and sever or not establish diplomatic relations with taiwan authorities .
it is exactly in the developments of normal diplomatic relations between china and foreign countries and the struggles for safeguarding china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity that this one - china principle was produced .
the above - mentioned propositions constitute the basic connotation of this one - china principle with safeguarding china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity as its core .
the just stand and reasonable proposition of the chinese government about upholding one - china principle have won the understanding and support of more and more countries and international organizations and this one - china principle has gradually generally accepted by the international community .
at present , there are 161 countries which have established diplomatic relations with the people 's republic of china and all recognized the one - china principle and agreed to handle its relations with taiwan within the one - china framework .
this basic principle and relevant policies have fulfilled the basic standpoint and spirit of upholding one - china principle and fully respected the wishes of taiwan compatriots for being masters of their own destiny and running taiwan themselves .
the announcement of the chinese government in 1979 about implementing the guiding principle of peaceful reunification was based on one precondition : namely the taiwan authorities at that time upheld that there was only one china in the world and taiwan was part of china .
while adopting the guiding principle of peaceful reunification , the chinese government always indicates that using whatever patterns to resolve taiwan issue is the internal affairs of china and undertakes no obligation to renounce use of force .
undertaking no obligation to renounce use of force is absolutely not directed against taiwan compatriots but those foreign forces attempting to create " taiwan independence " and interfering with the reunification of china .
as far as taiwan is concerned , upholding the one - china principle demonstrates recognizing the inseparability of the sovereignty and territory of china , which provides a common basis and precondition for both sides to find out methods of resolving their political disagreements through consultations on equal footing and realize peaceful reunification .
if this one - china principle is not recognized but attempts are made to separate taiwan from the chinese territory , this precondition and basis for peaceful reunification does not exist anymore .
countries concerned all upholding the one - china policy is favorable to safeguarding peace and stability in the asian pacific region as well as china developing friendly relations with all countries , which is in the interests of the asian pacific region as well as all countries in the world .
the chinese government hopes that on the basis of one - china principle , the two sides can hold consultations on equal footing to jointly discuss issues of reunification .
in his book of " taiwan propositions " published in may , he advocated dividing china into seven regions each enjoying " full autonomous rights . "
li teng - hui has become the chief representative of taiwan splittist forces , the destroyer of stability in the taiwan strait , the obstacle to the development of sino - us relations , and the trouble - maker for the peace and stability in the asian pacific region .
against all kinds of these splittist activities by taiwan splittist forces represented by li teng - hui , the chinese government and people have always maintained sharp vigilance and waged resolute struggles .
this struggle has demonstrated the firm resolution and capability of the chinese government and people in safeguarding state sovereignty and territorial integrity and produced important and far - reaching influences .
internationally , these splittist activities conducted by li teng - hui were also met with severe hits .
most countries in the world have reiterated upholding the one - china policy .
and the us government also reaffirmed upholding one - china policy and its promise of giving " three no supports " to taiwan .
and the taiwan authorities have also been forced to express not to revise its so - called " constitution " and " laws " in accordance with the " state - to - state theory . "
on the territory of a single country , there can be only one central government exercising sovereignty on behalf of that state .
it is necessary to resolutely oppose applying the pattern of referendum to change the status of taiwan being part of china .
if anyone attempts to apply the pattern of so - called referendum to separate taiwan from china , it will surely lead taiwan people into disasters .
the " module of two germanies " cannot be used in resolving taiwan issue .
the split of germany after world war ii and the temporary detachment across the taiwan strait are issues of different nature .
the issue of germany was created entirely by external factors .
and taiwan issue is left over by the chinese civil wars and an internal issue .
the split of germany were stipulated by a series of international treaties signed during and after world war ii .
and taiwan issue was stipulated by some international treaties like " cairo declaration , " " potsdam proclamation , " and so on that japan must return taiwan which it stole from china back to china .
against the background of confrontation between the united states and the soviet union , the two germanies which had respectively foreign troops stationed in their territories were forced to recognize each other and coexisted in the international community .
under the principle of one china , everything can be discussed .
the so - called " struggle of democracy and system " is only an excuse for obstructing the reunification of china .
moreover , the chinese government has also noticed the different features of taiwan to hong kong and macao , and after peaceful reunification is realized across the taiwan strait , taiwan can be more relaxed than hong kong and macao in terms of the content of " one country , two systems . "
in the fifth section entitled " certain issues relating to the international community in upholding the one - china principle , " the white paper points out : taiwan does not have the right to join the united nations nor any other international organizations which can only be joined by sovereignty states .
as for some governmental international organizations which allow regions to join , on the basis of one - china principle and in accordance with the natures , charters , and actual conditions of these relevant international organizations , the chinese government can allow arrangement for the participation of taiwan by agreeable and acceptable patterns .
those countries which have already established diplomatic relations with china cannot sell weapons to taiwan nor enter into any forms of military alliance .
the united states has repeatedly violated its solemn promise made in the " august 17 communique . "
to this , the chinese government resolutely opposes .
the chinese government applies one - china principle in treating the external activities of taiwan .
the chinese government protects all the rightful and legitimate rights and interests of taiwan compatriots in foreign countries .
the chinese embassies and consulates stationed in foreign countries have always regarded strengthening contacts with taiwan compatriots , listening to the opinions and demands of taiwan compatriots , and protecting the interests of taiwan compatriots as their own duties and tried to help them clear away difficulties as much as possible .
after the realization of cross - strait reunification , taiwan compatriots can share more dignity and honor of the people 's republic of china in the international community together with the people of all nationalities in the whole country .
in its closing remarks , this white paper entitled " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " points out : the 5,000 - year - long chinese history and culture has deeply planted a very strong national sense in the hearts of the chinese people : namely , china must be reunified .
we firmly believe that with the joint endeavor of all the chinese people in the whole country which include compatriots living on both sides of the taiwan strait and overseas chinese abroad , the complete reunification of china will surely be realized .
chairman li peng chaired the meeting .
explanations and briefings on relevant topics were offered separately by he chunlin , secretary general of the npc standing committee ; wang weicheng , chairman of the npc law committee and chairman of the npc standing committee 's credential committee ; and yu youmin , deputy secretary general of the npc standing committee .
government departments and various circles in the society have gradually gained a common understanding in the impact of " entry into wto " : a short - term shock will be unavoidable , but judging from a long - term point of view advantages will be greater than disadvantages .
china 's entry into wto will certainly promote china 's link with the world economy and strengthen foreign businessmen 's confidence in making investment in china . it will create a more stable outside environment for china 's economic development and help china realize the strategic goal of a sustained , rapid and healthy development of the national economy .
during this period , china can take advantage of the wto regulations to develop , protect , and improve ourselves by accelerating reform , improving management , optimally allocating natural resources , raising the technological level , and strengthening market participation and capacity to cope with risks .
we should also see that china 's entry into wto can bring opportunities for our textile , light industry , clothing industry , machinery and electrical appliances industry , and other labor - intensive industries to develop their international market and extricate themselves from limitations due to discriminatory policies .
besides , " entry into wto " can enable china to utilize two kinds of markets and two types of natural resources at home and abroad to promote the escalation of our industries and eliminate backward enterprises .
in the mean time , npc deputies and cppcc national committee members will pay attention to reinforcing , adjusting and improving laws and regulations involving foreign countries , using law to guarantee the implementation of stipulations of wto and reducing administrative interference .
the party organizations at all levels must regard the study of " the expositions of mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin on ideological and political work " as an important aspect of the party members ' and cadres ' study this year , include it in their plans , and make scientific arrangements for it .
beijing , 21 feb ( xinhua ) - - the sixth meeting of the china - india joint committee for science , technology , economy , and trade was held at the ministry of foreign economic relations and trade (mofert) this morning .
today 's joint committee meeting was jointly presided over by shi guangsheng and indian minister for commerce and industry murasoli maran .
he said : after china joins the wto , china and india will be able to cooperate within the wto and work together to build a new order of world trade .
after joining the wto , china will learn from india 's experience of success in meeting both the opportunity and challenge offered by the wto membership .
the chinese and indian ministers made these remarks at the 6 th session of the sino - indian technology , economy and trade mixed commission held here today .
in 1999 , the bilateral trade volume between the two countries was nearly $ 2 billion , up 3.4 percent from 1998 .
as of the end of 1999 , the agreed amount of china 's investment in india was $ 24.6 million . konka [ shenzhen konka electronic ( group ) company , ltd. ] and haier [ the haier group ] have already set up plants in india .
shi guangsheng believes that the bilateral trade volume is far from meeting the needs of the two sides and is way below the actual capacity .
maran emphasized that the indian government attaches importance to developing firm and stable relations with china , is devoted to increasing bilateral trade volume , and hopes to promote cooperation in the fields in which both sides are interested .
beijing , 21 feb ( xinhua ) - - yesterday , the taiwan affairs office of the state council and the information office of the state council jointly issued the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue . "
the white paper is a proclamation that has further expounded to the international community the chinese government 's adherence to the one - china principled stand and policy , and is also a declaration on the chinese people 's determination to settle the taiwan issue and realize the complete reunification of the motherland at an early date .
after the return of hong kong and macao to the motherland one after the other , the settlement of the taiwan issue and the realization of the complete reunification of the motherland have entered a new stage .
the main theme idea that the one - china policy is the basis and prerequisite for the realization of peaceful reunification runs through the whole document .
adhering to the one - china principle in dealing with cross - strait affairs , especially in cross - strait talks , before reunification means adhering to the principles that there is only one china in the world , taiwan is a part of china , and china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity cannot be divided .
we have proposed holding cross - strait dialogue and talks on the basis of the one - china principle , not mentioning " talks between the central and local governments , " negotiating between the two sides on an equal footing and jointly discussing reunification .
however , the danger of the separatist forces in taiwan attempting to separate taiwan " de jure " from the motherland still exists .
separating the motherland and seeking " taiwan independence " mean heading for war .
we believe and hope that taiwan compatriots , who choose peaceful reunification of the two sides of the strait , can see through the lies and make a wise choice of their own .
all these situations remind us yet again that we must be highly vigilant , uphold the principle of one china , resolutely oppose " taiwan independence " and scheming by taiwan splittist forces , and oppose foreign hostile forces ' intervention in the taiwan issue and their interference in china 's internal affairs .
we hope the us government will faithfully abide by the three sino - us joint communiques and fulfill its " three noes " commitment with regard to taiwan .
we believe the international community will persistently adhere to the policy of one china and support china 's undertaking of peaceful reunification .
the principle of one china must never waver and the sacred goal of reunification must be achieved .
all chinese people at home and abroad must unite , uphold the principle of one china , and strive hard to promote the accomplishment of the great cause of motherland reunification .
in 1983 , he fled to japan after being wanted for a larceny case and a bill deception case . later on , he traveled between singapore , thailand , the mainland , and some other places with several forged passports . last may , he was arrested in xiamen for using someone else 's taiwan travel documents .
wu bangguo , member of the cpc central committee 's political bureau and vice premier of the state council , on 21 february met members of the japanese delegation that has offered assistance in sponsoring the beijing international highway relay race .
at the request of the guests , wu bangguo briefed them the situation of the reform of china 's state - owned enterprises , progress in joining wto and other matters .
the beijing international highway relay race sponsored by the beijing municipal association for promoting friendship with foreign countries and the china track and field association started on 20 february . athletes from 14 countries including china , japan , dprk , vietnam , russia and denmark are taking part in the race .
since the early 1990 s , lee teng - hui gradually has deviated from the one - china principle , advocating all sorts of separatist arguments and conniving at and providing support for the " taiwan independence " separatist forces .
in ideology and culture , the taiwan authorities have endeavored to obliterate the chinese awareness of taiwan compatriots , especially the younger generation , and their identification with the motherland .
the chinese government and people have fought more resolutely after lee teng - hui cooked up his " two states " theory . the struggle has grown in momentum with chinese at home and abroad condemning the " two states " theory with one voice , and enabled the international community to strengthen its consensus on one china .
the white paper is also firmly opposed to the erroneous us practice of wantonly interfering in china 's internal affairs and threatening china 's security , such as selling arms to taiwan and cooking up the " taiwan security enhancement act. "
the principle of one china is the foundation of and precondition for achieving peaceful reunification .
from 1978 , when the separation between the two sides of the strait ended , to the end of 1999 , cross - strait personnel exchanges , economic cooperation , and trade advanced by leaps and bounds .
the white paper stresses : as the chinese government has resumed the exercise of sovereignty over hong kong and macao , the people of the whole country are eager to resolve the taiwan issue at an early date and to realize the total reunification of the motherland .
we hope that more taiwan compatriots will come to hong kong and macao to have a look and personally experience the rationality and feasibility of the " one country , two systems " principle .
the 5,000 - year - long history and culture of the chinese nation has profoundly implanted strong national awareness in the hearts of the chinese , namely , china must be reunified .
the principle and stand of the chinese government and people , as openly declared in the white paper , is precisely a firm expression of such national awareness . it is also an irreversible trend of history that china will realize total reunification .
if the talks proceed smoothly , eu trade commissioner pascal lamy will fly to beijing later in the week for the signing of an accord .
in the previous round of technical talks , china and the eu had reached an agreement on most of the issues related to market access , but differences remained on the opening of the automobile and insurance markets , service trade , and tariffs on nearly 100 categories of commodities .
it is understood that the eu asking price for market opening in these areas is higher than that of the united states .
experts here are generally optimistic about the sino - eu agreement on china 's wto accession , holding that it is very likely to be reached this week .
among the remaining negotiating partners , the eu evidently will be a major obstacle .
in a meeting on 17 february with the visiting wto director - general , mike moore , chinese state council premier zhu rongji expressed the hope that there would be " breakthrough progress " in the forthcoming sino - eu talks .
the sources told our reporters that on the eve of the " two sessions " of the npc and the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , it is a rare occurrence for the central authorities to carry out a " major reshuffle " in financial circles .
it is beyond expectation for such sudden personnel changes to take place in the four major banks ( the bank of china , china construction bank , industrial and commercial bank of china , and china agricultural development bank ) .
this will enable the relevant central departments to investigate their economic problems .
liu mingkang , chairman of the everbright group , will replace wang xuebing and become acting president of the bank of china .
shang fulin , vice governor of the people 's bank of china , will replace he linxiang and become president of the agricultural bank of china .
jiang jianqing , executive vice president of the industrial and commercial bank of china , will be promoted to president of the bank .
local cultural infrastructures and cultural environment show obvious improvements .
the experience created by and the pioneering spirit shown by these culturally advanced examples are the motivation and spiritual pillar for the further development of our country 's cultural causes .
we must study their excellent working styles of going deep into the grassroots , keeping links with the masses , being united and cooperating with others . we must trigger the innovative spirit and working drive of the broad masses of cultural workers .
now it is at the turn of centuries and millennia . in the great era of building socialism with chinese characteristics , we have much to do in our cultural work .
wang sheng , research fellow of the institute of taiwan studies under the chinese academy of social sciences , also pointed out that the statement " without the principle of ' one china , ' one cannot start to talk about peaceful reunification " serves as the core idea of the newly released white paper .
professor dai wenbin , research fellow of the institute of taiwan studies under the chinese academy of social sciences , used an eight - character phrase of " preventing further delay and propelling progress " to sum up the special significance of the newly released white paper .
speaking of some people in taiwan who consider the newly released white paper as " striking up the same old tune , " wang sheng pointed out that these people have failed to grasp the true essence of the white paper .
professor su ge further pointed out : the one - china principle is a principle that the chinese government and chinese people have long been safeguarding with resolute and firm efforts .
professor wang sheng also pointed out during the exclusive interview : it was exactly based on the prerequisite of an adherence to the " one - china " principle by the taiwan authorities that the chinese government put forward the principle of " peaceful reunification , one country two systems " in 1979 .
in 1993 when the taiwan authorities showed signs of a deviation from the " one - china " principle , the mainland motherland heightened its vigilance .
the white paper set forth three prerequisites for the use of force .
the white paper announces that if taiwan refuses , sine die , to participate in peace talks , then that is a prerequisite for the use of force , and rightly so .
on the other hand , it also serves as a signal telling the contenders running for the leadership of taiwan that defining cross - strait relations by basing them on the " two - state theory " and sabotaging the reunification of the motherland will be resolutely opposed .
people in the political circle reiterated : first , the chinese government has been consistent in upholding a positive and sincere attitude in the drive of peacefully resolving the taiwan issue .
fourth , the chinese government announced the principle of peaceful reunification under the consideration of a better external environment at that time , where the united states established ties with china , signed three joint communiques , and admitted the principle of one china .
however , although the joint communiques were signed , the united states has been repeatedly violating the communiques and continuously sold advanced weapons to taiwan .
currently , in the us congress , some people are concocting the so - called " taiwan security enhancement act , " and attempting to include taiwan in the theater missile defense system .
the moves of the united states are not advantageous to china 's cause of resolving the taiwan issue in a peaceful manner .
fifth , under the principle of one china , any questions can be discussed .
beijing , 22 feb ( xinhua ) - - the people 's liberation army [ pla ] general political department recently issued a circular calling on the whole army and the armed police force to conscientiously study the book on " the expositions of mao zedong , deng xiaoping and jiang zemin on ideological and political work . "
we should realistically give priority to ideological and political work in the army 's various development fields , and persist in attaining higher standards and setting stricter demands in ideological and political work .
we should deeply summarize and absorb experiences and lessons from the struggles in the ideological and political field , study and come forward with specific measures for strengthening and improving ideological and political work and grasp them with earnest efforts .
over the past nearly 50 years since it was established , stationed at some 38 airfields one after another , it has flown some 17 types of planes .
in particular , mao zedong , deng xiaoping , jiang zemin , and other state leaders have cordially met with officers and men of " du fengrui group " on numerous occasions . the group has also been an advanced unit for 20 consecutive years and has rendered meritorious service or received awards on countless occasions .
last october , a team sent by the division won the group championship in a large - scale training contest organized by the air force among maintenance units .
the division was also chosen by the general staff department as a first - class military training unit .
in particular , the division has fulfilled the largest number of combat exercise tasks with the best results .
in a major exercise organized by the nanjing theater in the third quarter of last year , the division 's units kept a close watch on and patrolled over the taiwan straits , thus demonstrating a strong fighting capacity of defending the country 's sovereignty and dignity .
especially , it has stepped up tactical and technological training on some extremely difficult topics and scored fruitful results .
on their way back , as it was raining heavily , the visibility extremely low .
two minutes later , all the four planes smoothly landed one after another and this attested to the pilots ' excellent flight skills and bold , vigorous , and brave fighting style .
in light of the needs of a war , it has conducted training on transregional rapid mobility and long - distance strikes ; tempered its pilots ' fighting will ; and trained its pilots ' fighting style .
it has studied and developed a whole set of new tactics , such as confrontation on the sea , surprise attack on the sea , preemptive attack on the enemy , hitting all targets during the first strike , and so on .
all its pilots have learned and mastered with excellent results both flexible and variable tactics and the law of defeating the enemy and winning a victory .
not long ago , in a live - fire training exercise organized by the higher authorities , in which missiles were fired at air targets , the division 's 10 new pilots buckled on their armor and went into the battle and scored excellent results by hitting all the targets during the first strike .
division commander zhang and political commissar su told us that they are fully confident of the division 's fighting capacity .
a few days ago , vice mayor of xiamen city lan fu , who fled to australia last month because of his being implicated in the xiamen yuanhua smuggling case , surrendered to the chinese embassy in australia . he was escorted back to beijing by chinese police and detained at the qincheng prison .
in early january , xiamen vice mayor lan fu , accompanied by his wife who worked in the state security bureau in xiamen city , left the country through shanghai customs and fled to australia .
on 30 january 1995 , president jiang zemin published his important speech entitled " continue to strive for the completion of the great reunification cause of the motherland . "
however , awed by this development in the cross - strait situation , the splittist forces on the taiwan island became more reckless in carrying out their splittist activities , in an attempt to prevent the development of the cross - strait relations from moving towards the orientation advocated in the eight - point proposal .
under our stern criticisms , the " two - state theory " has not only given rise to new political struggles and contradictions on the taiwan island ; but has all the more faced a boycott in the international community , and more than 100 countries have reiterated their stand to uphold their one - chinapolicy .
lee teng - hui 's " two - state theory " has turned him into an unpopular " troublemaker . "
the industrial and commercial circles have all the more made a greater appeal for changing the policy of " refraining from impetuosity and exercising forbearance " which is currently pursued by the taiwan authorities .
meanwhile , the trend toward a mutually complementary and mutually beneficial economic cooperation across the strait is currently undergoing further growth .
we deeply believe that a complete reunification of the motherland can surely become a reality .
increasing numbers of our taiwan compatriots are gaining an ever deeper understanding of and identification with " one country , two systems " through its practice in hong kong and macao , now gradually deciding that " one country , two systems " is the best way to defend their interests in all areas .
since china will have to achieve complete reunification for the taiwan strait and the asia pacific region to have real peace and stability and for the basic interests of the taiwan people to not be possibly infringed upon , national reunification is in the real interests of the taiwan people , being the only hope for taiwan .
and the best way to meet that basic goal is to act in line with the basic policy of " peaceful reunification under one country , two systems , " through pragmatism , equal consultation , and putting aside differences to seek common ground , to find ways to resolve our differences .
in the last five years , while the separatist forces in taiwan have expanded and " taiwan independence " has become rampant , mainland china distinguishes the taiwan authorities from the taiwan people , distinguishing the separatist forces and " taiwan independence " from the taiwan people .
meanwhile , he said clearly that , " both during the reunification process and after reunification , we will fully respect the aspirations of the taiwan people to be the masters of their own affairs and their calls for the development of political democracy , to preserve and defend the vital interests of our taiwan compatriots . "
the history of the development of cross - strait relations shows that the taiwan people are one of the most important forces for opposing separatism , fighting " taiwan independence , " and promoting the development of cross - strait relations .
in our bid to settle the taiwan issue and bring true a peaceful unification in line with the principle of " one country , two systems , " we can adopt a more flexible approach than that towards hong kong and macao . "
the principle of " peaceful reunification , one country two systems " was first designed for the settlement of the taiwan issue .
the taiwan issue has its own specific characteristics that are different from those of the hong kong issue .
whereas the hong kong issue was a historical issue left over by colonial aggression , the taiwan issue is an issue left over by china 's civil war and is totally an internal affair of china .
therefore , during the process of implementing the principle of " one country , two systems , " there surely exist differences between hong kong , macao , and taiwan ; and concrete policies should also give expression to the different specific characteristics of the three .
vice premier qian qichen also pointed out in beijing the other day : during the process of settling the taiwan issue , we ought to introduce more flexible policies than those designed for hong kong and macao .
facts over the past 20 years have proved that the factor of the mainland motherland is a strong and positive factor in the economic exchange across the strait , and in the economic growth of hong kong and macao .
all people of insight in taiwan should make serious reflections on this issue , seize this historical opportunity , and make a wise choice .
the two sides of the taiwan strait has been separated from each other for more than half a century , yet one should understand that the happy reunion and reunification of the chinese nation is an inexorable trend of history .
the taiwan authorities should value the interests of both taiwan compatriots and the chinese nation above everything else , return to the principled stand of " one china , " engage themselves in a political talk on ending the hostile status quo across the strait , and ultimately bring true a peaceful reunification across the taiwan strait .
the report said that a us company was cloning a sheep for a billionaire , who was willing to pay $ 2.3 million .
no one has the right to interfere in the cats or dogs raised by the rich .
the question is that living conditions of the poor people , who account for 21 percent of the world 's population , are deteriorating . they even have difficulty surviving . this does accord with the basic principles of the un human rights declaration .
the bangkok declaration and program of action adopted at the meeting reflected the strong voice of the developing nations .
the bangkok declaration emphasized the necessity of establishing a fair and regular " multilateral trade system " and operating in a nondiscriminating and transparent way , which would be conducive to all the countries , the developing ones in particular .
as the un trade development council has no right to draft international rules and regulations , the developing nations have urged at the meeting the world bank , the imf organization , and the wto to introduce reforms .
first , all the member nations should participate in amending the outdated , unfair , and irrational international rules and regulations , and jointly draft new international rules and regulations .
the number of the most underdeveloped nations increased from 25 in the 1970 's to 48 . the population of these countries account for 13 percent of the world 's total , but the volume of their exports account for only 0.4 percent , a reduction of 40 percent in 10 years .
the current international rules and regulations mainly safeguard the interests of the developed nations but hinder the economic growth of the developing nations . the most underdeveloped nations have come to the edge of a precipice and it is time to put an end to such a state of affairs .
several thousand representatives from more than 100 countries had attended the previous un trade development council meetings , which spent a huge amount of funds .
as to the meaning of deflation , academia differs considerably , certainly not agreeing .
we hold that , as to the current operating state of the chinese national economy , there is no need to over - debate the meaning of deflation , because these three versions have a common economic focus , or that china 's overall prices have been in a sustained falling trend for over two years since october 1997 .
as to this trend , we should neither treat it lightly or overestimate it .
it is mild .
china 's overall prices have been falling for just a little over two years , for a drop of around 2 - 3 percent .
it is of a certain corrective nature .
historically , while sustained overall price declines have been often accompanied by economic recession or depression , there are also cases in which they have been accompanied by sustained economic growth .
it is also affected by international prices .
so while the financial authorities would subjectively like to ease the monetary credit supply somewhat , such as finding ways to lend more , due to a lack of willingness by borrowers , they can hardly do so .
since china 's current deflationary trend is due to both overall supply and overall demand , we need to analyze it .
we will speak of overall demand first .
overseas demand is export demand .
domestic demand includes investment demand and consumer demand .
in recent years , due to a number of causes , these two domestic demands have both been short .
since enterprises have gained a somewhat stronger self - restraint awareness through reform but still can hardly overcome their historic debt burden , faced with a soft market and difficulty in finding good projects , their investment decision - making tends to be cautious , for a " cautious borrowing " tendency .
and since banks have gained a higher security mentality through reform , placing more emphasis on lending quality , they are subject to a " grudging lending " tendency .
since commercial bank lending was eased somewhat , a considerable amount of credit capital has become arbitrage or hedge funds , divorced from the real industrial sector .
all of this hinders indirect bank - enterprise financing .
to keep the economy growing fast , a definitely high accumulation rate is essential .
in recent years , since economic prospects have declined due to structural reorganization , with more layoffs , the increase in individual immediate income and expected income has slowed somewhat .
consumer demand by the high - income group is basically saturated , while the masses of low - income individuals lack purchasing power , which tends to weaken the average consumer demand of our whole society .
oversupply refers to the excess industrial output capacity and product mix formed by years of blind investment and duplicate construction , as well as a staged surplus of farm products due to successive bumper harvests .
hard supply refers to the low - level surplus production capacity , inefficient supply , and structural distortion formed by years of an extensive growth form . since our market lacks elimination - through - competition forces , with enterprises lacking innovative skills , this hard supply is not corrected promptly and effectively .
since such hard supply limits both the guiding role of demand on supply and the supply space to create demand per se , keeping supply and demand interaction from forming a good cycle and structural upgrading , it exacerbates the imbalance of gross supply and demand in our society , to promote a sustained decline in overall prices .
in short , as practice develops , our policy is being steadily improved , with the steps growing constantly stronger .
particularly since the last half of 1999 , the bright spots in china 's economic operations have increased , with the overall price decline trend also tending to be eased .
the central economic work conference held in november 1999 proposed a series of policy steps to promote economic development such as continuing to pursue an active fiscal policy and bringing into better play the role of monetary policy , making decisions such as expanding domestic demand , sharply adjusting the economic structure , and promoting industrial optimization and upgrading .
i would note that , to control the deflation trend , by either expanding demand or improving supply , it will not do to rely solely on regulation and control through macroeconomic policy , because they [ supply and demand ] are also limited by our current system .
as all know , the impact of economic reform in promoting economic development often needs a process to be shown .
and some reform steps , as to their short - term impact in expanding demand and improving supply , not only cannot play an influential role , rather having a temporarily restraining effect .
while such reform steps are particularly essential and imperative , in all future reform steps , we need to do all possible to put them into effect at the right time , for a well - planned reform rhythm .
meanwhile , we need to intensify our macroeconomic expansionary policy steps , to make up for the temporarily deflationary or tightening effect of certain essential reform steps on supply and demand relations . and we also need to provide the masses with suitable monetary compensation for their temporarily lower income and higher spending due to certain essential reform steps .
international experience proves that using an expansionary macroeconomic policy to curb deflation and start up the economy needs adequate intensity and time . otherwise , it could cause a poor policy effect , forcing a restart , with such a stop - and - go method delaying the economic adjustment process , to possibly damage economic growth .
after the two sides signed the agreement , shi guangsheng said : china and india are important developing countries in the world and also great neighbors .
india will work in cooperation with china to promote the growth of world trade and for the interests of the developing nations around the world .
incomplete statistics showed that in the first 10 months of 1999 , the government purchase funds across the country had totaled some 7.5 billion yuan with the average saving rate standing at 13.5 percent and some 1 billion yuan saved .
the state - owned enterprise (soe) reform , without doubt , will be the top economic subject at the " two sessions " this year .
of all industries , the most prominent is the textile industry , which has ended the loss - inflicted situation that lasted as long as six years . the economic returns of other industries have been noticeably enhanced too .
among the 6,599 large and medium industrial enterprises that suffered losses at the end of 1997 , which were either state - owned or controlled by soes , a total of 3,100 enterprises no longer suffered losses .
according to an analyst , the enhancement of soe 's ability in international competition as quickly as possible is the principal direction of the future soe reform and development .
in order to meet with and participate in international competition in a positive attitude , china will concentrate greater efforts on setting up important and crucial sectors to prop up a number of large enterprises and groups with tremendous strength to accelerate their development speed .
the fierce competition for qualified personnel , which will be triggered by china 's wto entry , has become another hot spot in reform for which people are universally concerned .
the wto specialists who are familiar with the national conditions , possess rich professional knowledge , and have a relatively high foreign language standard will become the key objects for training by the state and enterprises .
it is generally acknowledged that qualified personnel most needed by the soes are the operators and managers who fit in with the needs of the market economy . if the situation of deficiency in incentive mechanism is not changed as quickly as possible , qualified personnel will inevitably drain away in vast numbers .
therefore , enabling the soe managers to walk out from the personnel management structure as well as setting up a qualified personnel database and entrepreneur rating system will be one of the significant moves of the soe reform in future .
zhu bangzao made these comments in connection with recent statements by japan and some other g-8 members expressing their willingness to invite china to attend the g-8 summit as an observer or even to join the group .
he said : the group of seven was originally an organization whereby major developed countries coordinated their economic policies and other issues . it was later known as the group of eight after russia joined some of its activities .
china 's stands and views on asian - pacific affairs and other major international issues are known to all .
the chinese side also wants to stress that the important role played by the united nations and its security council in international affairs cannot be replaced .
this is a common understanding of the international community at large .
the circular demands : all financial institutions must organize management personnel and business transactors at various levels to earnestly study relevant policies as well as laws and regulations to firmly establish a consciousness of operating in accordance with laws and regulations .
they must establish a consciousness of cost and benefit and integrate the active organization of deposits with the improvement of the quality of assets as well as business results to comprehensively raise the standard of management .
at the same time , they must give full play to the role of industry self - disciplinary organizations of financial institutions at various localities in mutual supervision .
president jiang zemin met yildirim akbulnut , speaker of the grand national assembly of turkey , and his party here this afternoon .
the two sides conducted talks in a cordial and friendly atmosphere .
jiang zemin extended welcome to akbulnut on his visit to china .
over the past 30 years ever since the establishment of diplomatic relations between our two countries , the two sides have conducted cooperation in the political , economic , and cultural fields that have yielded fruitful results ; and the mutual relations between our two countries have undergone a considerable growth .
in recent years , there have been frequent mutual exchanges between the top leadership of the two countries , which have given a powerful impetus to a sustained growth in the friendly relations of cooperation between china and turkey .
jiang zemin pointed out : stretching over eurasia , turkey is a country which has a vital importance to all regions in the world .
the chinese government has attached great importance to promoting its friendly relations of cooperation with turkey .
strengthening sino - turkish relations not only conforms to the fundamental interests of our two countries and two peoples , but is also beneficial to maintaining regional peace and stability .
akbulnut thanked jiang zemin for finding time to meet him in the midst of pressing affairs .
he also conveyed president demirel 's cordial greetings to president jiang zemin , and expressed hope that president jiang zemin can pay a visit to turkey in the future .
the achievements already attained by the chinese people have won the admiration of the world .
he stressed : turkey has all along pursued a one - china policy , and highly respects china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
turkey is opposed to any interference in the internal affairs of other countries .
beijing , 22 feb (zxs) - - chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today : the chinese side is deeply worried about the recent tension in kosovo .
at the foreign ministry 's news briefing today , zhu bangzao said : the kosovo issue is a very complicated ethnic and religious problem rooted in a region of yugoslavia .
the spokesman pointed out : the recent situation in kosovo has once again shown that , since the un peacekeeping troops and civilian organizations established their presence in kosovo , the un security council 's resolution 1244 has not been carried out earnestly and effectively , and kosovo 's security situation has not improved noticeably .
he said : china 's position on the kosovo issue is very clear .
he said : china and the united states bear special responsibility for global and regional peace , stability , and security . the us side should act prudently [ shen zhong xing shi 1957 6850 5887 0057 ] when it comes to implementing the national missile defense [ nmd ] plan and approaching the taiwan issue .
the spokesman pointed out : the issue of ballistic missile defenses was one of the central topics of the consultations .
this plan is not conducive to the global strategic balance and stability , nor is it conducive to regional peace and security . in addition to damaging the legitimate security interests of other countries , it will eventually work against the united states .
for this reason , the chinese side hopes that the us side will give more consideration to the political and strategic prices it will have to pay for the nmd plan , and to refrain from testing or deploying the plan , which will undermine stability and harm other countries and the united states itself .
zhu bangzao said : sino - us relations are now faced with opportunities for further improvement and development ; there are also challenges .
he said that china is willing to join hands with the us side in advancing sino - us relations in the direction defined by the presidents of the two countries and toward the goal established by them .
the us side said : the clinton administration is committed to developing us - china relations .
beijing , 22 february (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao pointed out here today : the so - called " matter of the infra - red camera " is a sheer rumor . he made necessary elaboration on the report 's details .
zhu bangzao solemnly pointed out : the report was groundless .
the spokesman said : the chinese company has provided its american counterpart with written explanations on the end - users and purposes of the device .
in order to further alert himself and educate other people , wang shaohong borrowed a video recorder and bought videotapes to record eight tapes of programs shown on tv about ferreting out the true cult nature of falun gong .
wang shaohong also wrote a large number of materials on ferreting out falun gong in which he deeply unmasked li hongzhi 's lies that falun gong has no organization and has " loose management , " as well as his evil motives of " conveying law " among the cadres and masses .
lan fu , former vice mayor of xiamen and one of the key figures in a big smuggling case involving 80 billion yuan , fled to australia . he recently was arrested by mainland authorities in hong kong , however .
according to well - informed sources , as lan fu led a hard life in australia , he called xiaman city cpc secretary hong yongshi , asking hong to allow him to work in the xiamen office in hong kong through a " back - door deal . "
all major suspects related to the yuanhua smuggling case have been arrested .
under such circumstances , lan fu was compelled to call xiamen city cpc secretary hong yongshi in an attempt to make a deal with him . lan requested that he be transferred to work in the xiamen office in hong kong provided no judicial investigation was conducted into his case .
it has been learned that upon lan 's arrival at the xiamen office , he first contacted hong yongshi . according to hong 's instructions issued during the telephone conversation , lan did not contact anyone . he directly went to a certain designated house .
after arriving in xiamen , he again was sent to beijing by plane for investigation .
it also has been learned that on his way back to xiamen under escort , lan fu realized that he had failed to attain his hope .
then jiang listened to an account of work given by shenzhen officials .
beijing is now hotly probing and fiercely handling the smuggling shielding case of li jizhu , former vice minister of public security .
following the central commission for discipline inspection 's deployment of massive forces to investigate the xiamen yuanhua smuggling case , the commission now has urged guangdong to investigate and handle the smuggling case involving li jizhou .
guangdong 's efforts to investigate and handle the li jizhou case has achieved some results , and found the case involving several cities such as shenzhen , guangzhou , and qingyuan .
reportedly , when li jizhou , former vice minister of public security , took the post ( temporarily and concurrently ) of deputy director of the guangdong public security bureau , he made the acquaintance of a car dealer . li jizhou took advantage of his power and shielded the businessman 's smuggling .
the businessman was arrested at the end of last year and admitted that responsible officials from shenzhen and guangzhou customs were involved .
he was suspected of being involved in smuggling more than 1,700 cars , and the money involved reached more than 100 million yuan . xiao shimu has been arrested . the predecessor of xiao shimu named zhou has also been arrested for involvement in smuggling .
second , now hong kong and macao have all been smoothly returned to china and both sides of the taiwan strait will join wto .
the former has proven by reality that the reunification of china according to the principle of " one country with two systems " is totally feasible .
although the taiwan issue is different from the situation of hong kong and macao , but the difference must never be used as a pretext to reject peaceful reunification .
if taiwan , hong kong , macao and the mainland of the motherland are combined and cooperation among all regions is strengthened , we are convinced it will be beneficial to economic development in all places .
third , reform and opening up on the mainland of the motherland are being deepened and expanded .
china will formulate the " tenth five - year plan , " promote a plan of " great development in the western region , " and accelerate the three major reforms including the reform of state - owned enterprises .
one china is the core content of the white paper .
whether taiwan and the mainland belong to " one state " or " two states " is not a general question . instead , it is a question of principle and the cardinal issue of right and wrong .
however , people all know that the " state " and the " government " representing the state are two different things .
now the taiwan authorities ' so - called " republic of china " is in fact nothing but a historical issue left from the civil war between the kuomintang [ kmt ] and cpc . it is illegitimate according to either domestic or international law and it fundamentally has no right to represent china .
this is even more absurd and ridiculous . did the kmt regime in taiwan ever govern taiwan before recovering taiwan from japan ?
why ?
the reason is quite simple . state sovereignty can only be exercised by the government representing the country . when the old government was overthrown , naturally only the new government could replace the old government to exercise sovereign rights .
being afraid to face reality , resorting to sophistry in self - justification , distorting the truth and deceiving the people are the most miserable things done by taiwan 's ruling authorities .
meanwhile , there are plenty of such things as " taiwan first , " " giving priority to taiwan , " and " a community of life in taiwan . "
all people in taiwan are chinese . the difference is only who went there earlier and who went there later . there is no difference between taiwanese and chinese .
all these can only be done by adhering to and protecting the principle of one china .
therefore , whether those people can adhere to and protect the principle of on china or not divides those who truly love taiwan and those who falsely love taiwan .
nevertheless , judging from policies of principal candidates in the upcoming taiwan 's general election on mainland affairs , lee teng - hui 's [ li teng - hui 's ] " two states theory " still influences many people and cross - strait relations are still full of hidden worries .
for instance , some candidates are still defending lee teng - hui 's " two states theory , " saying it is a " practical and self - determined position . " some people consider relations between the two sides of the strait as " quasi - international relations on the basis of relative sovereignty . "
the kmt 's " two state theory " and dpp 's " taiwan independence argument " are getting closer .
the " separatist theory " advocated by them is definitely not " loving taiwan " but " bringing ruin " to taiwan . "
we can only place our hopes of taiwan 's future and the reunification of the motherland on people in taiwan who have the honorable tradition of patriotism .
fengnan city is a county - level city under the jurisdiction of tangshan city , hebei province .
since the drive of reform and opening up to the outside world was launched , fengnan city has scored remarkable achievements in economic construction and social development .
accompanied by ye liansong , secretary of the hebei provincial cpc committee and governor niu maosheng , zhu rongji listened to the reports of the fengnan city cpc committee and city government on party building and the preparatory work of " three stresses " education the morning of 22 february and discussed the issue with them .
he delivered a mobilization speech at the meeting on " three stresses " education , which was attended by more than 700 leading cadres of fengnan city , the afternoon of the same day .
we must persist in setting high demands on and be strict with ourselves .
through " three stresses " education , we must see to it that there are a marked ideological improvement , marked political progress , marked upgrade in work style , marked enhancement in discipline awareness , and a marked improvement in the relations between the party and the masses and those between the cadres and the masses .
sheng huaren , zhang zuoji , wang chunzheng , jia jun , wei liqun , and li wei accompanied zhu rongji in conducting investigation and study of " three stresses " education in fengnan city and also attended the meeting of leading cadres on " three stresses " education .
the promulgated " program on building headquarters " is the first law specially regulating and guiding the construction of the commanding headquarters in the history of our army .
the " program " goes into effect from the date of its promulgation .
guangzhou , 23 feb ( xinhua ) - - zhang changli , chairman and president of huali industrial company limited in shunde city , guangdong province , colluded with a bank official to illegally gather capital amounting to 13.5 billion yuan by offering high interest rates .
recently , the shunde city people 's court in guangdong province sentenced zhang changli to 10 years in prison and ordered him to pay a fine of 200,000 yuan on charges of illegally soliciting funds from the public .
in march 1998 , public security organs , through interpol , asked police in new zealand , cuba , tonga , thailand , and malaysia to assist in tracking down zhang changli .
with the help of the police in a southeast asian country , chinese public security organs arrested and extradited zhang changli back to china in may 1999 .
after finishing the paperwork , huali industrial company limited paid the depositors either the high - interest portions or all interest in advance . when their deposits reach maturity dates , depositors might go to the beijiao office to withdraw their principal or remaining interest with their passbooks .
he yingzhi instructed relevant personnel at the beijiao office to transfer 316 depositors ' current deposits , amounting to 1.3 billion yuan , to huali industrial company limited , in violation of the financial administration system and by means of non - passbook account transfers .
zhang changli 's case of illegally soliciting deposits from the public was an economic crime that severely violated the state financial administration system and disrupted the financial order , incurring enormous losses of state , collective , and personal property .
according to statistics prepared by the chinese customs , the volume of china 's exports with the united states this january hit $ 3.42 billion , up 38.7 percent over the same period last year .
among china 's imports from the united states , the value of processing trade products reached $ 5.3 billion , 27 percent of the gross value of imports from the united states .
the value of general trade imports came to $ 10.3 billion , up 34.1 percent , and accounting for 52.7 percent of the total value of imports from the united states thus putting an end to the downward glide that has been going on for three years running .
analysis shows that the value of china 's favorable balance of processing trade with the united states amounted to $ 24.52 billion , which constitutes the main source of china 's foreign trade surplus .
zheng yunmei , deputy director of information bureau of the general office of the npc [ national people 's congress ] standing committee , told this reporter that the website " china npc news " introduced last october has been visited by a large number of people .
during their " two sessions , " their websites were visited tens of thousands times a day .
during the " two sessions , " quite a few e - mail messages received replies from the municipal people 's congress deputies and cppcc committee members and some problems were also resolved with the help or under the supervision of the deputies and members .
a beijing citizen had complained about a restaurant downstairs , saying that it was noisy and its oil smoke had harassed the residents to a serious extent .
shortly afterwards , it was learned from the departments concerned that the restaurant , which had harassed the residents , had stopped its business for rectification .
the party central committee also decided to appoint comrades chen yujie ( female ) , xie xuren , and wang chengming as deputy secretaries of its financial work committee .
since the initiation of the reform and opening - up program , especially since the party central committee and the state council held the national financial work conference in 1997 , china has made notable achievements in the development of the financial work and the reform of the financial system .
the recent exchanges and reshuffles of the major leading cadres of some financial institutions were decided by the party central committee and the state council after giving prudent consideration to all factors to meet the needs of work and comply with the characteristics and reality of financial institutions .
their method will help further develop the financial work , strengthen the leading bodies of financial institutions , train and bring up leading cadres , and make leading bodies younger in average age .
in recent years , henan province has made remarkable achievements in using their own advantages and readjusting its agricultural structure .
this is an important aspect of the readjustment of the country 's agricultural structure , and , more importantly , it is the main direction of structural readjustment in the major grain - and cotton - producing areas .
second , it is necessary to shift from the simplistic grain and cotton production to the simultaneous development of a diversified economy .
third , it is necessary to shift from extensive to intensive farming .
while giving full play to the production scale of major grain - and cotton - producing areas , we should pay close attention to quality , cut the cost , improve the efficiency , and increase our market competitiveness .
the state should give the necessary support , step up the construction of infrastructure facilities and the ecological environment , improve the conditions for agricultural production , promote agricultural scientific and technological advances , and actively and steadily promote structural readjustment in the major grain - and cotton - producing areas .
agricultural departments at various levels should increase technical guidance , step up the popularization of new technologies , carry out various supportive measures , and regulate the supply of good - quality , special seeds . 2 .
it is necessary to effectively strengthen wheat - field management .
agricultural technicians should be organized to check up on the growth of cereal crop seedlings , the soil moisture content , and plant diseases and insects in the field and to guide peasants in spring field management . 3 .
it is necessary to ensure the supply of materials for spring plowing and sowing .
credit cooperatives should take the initiative in providing credit for spring plowing and sowing .
accompanying wen jiabao on the inspection tour were ma kai , wan baorui , han changfu , wang mingyi , and other responsible officials of relevant departments .
this is the common understanding expressed by military and non - military experts at a discussion meeting held today in beijing .
meeting participants generally felt that the release of the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " is very essential and timely .
against such a backdrop , it is very essential for the chinese government to release the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue . "
on the issue related to the principle of the motherland 's reunification , we resolutely cannot compromise and make a concession .
the meeting participants also pointed out that the release of the white paper is a timely warning to taiwan 's separatist forces .
meanwhile , it has allowed the international community to have a better understanding of the chinese government 's stand on upholding the one - china principle and achieving peaceful reunification , and further recognize the error and harm of lee teng - hui 's [ li denghui 's ] " two - state theory . "
the release of the white paper is conducive to defending the interest of the country and people ; peaceful settlement of the taiwan issue ; and prompting the international community to understand and handle relevant issues on the one - china principle .
some of the military experts participating in the meeting said : after the release of the white paper , as soldiers , we feel that the responsibility shouldered by the people 's army is extremely heavy .
we must watch closely the development of the taiwan situations and make our contributions toward safeguarding the reunification of the motherland .
( 1 ) in the summer of 1997 , a strange phenomenon emerged time and again in the beijiao office of the shunde city branch of the people 's construction bank of china in guangdong : the customers could not withdraw cash from their savings passbook at the bank .
realizing the seriousness of the problem , the responsible person of the shunde city branch of people 's construction bank of china reported the case to the public security organs at once .
by the time the case was exposed , the company had failed to repay deposits totaling some 6.9 billion yuan .
being aware of his serious crime , zhang changli , director and concurrently general manager of huali enterprise company ltd. and also the prime suspect of the case of illegally absorbing deposits in public , immediately and secretly fled the country , carrying with him some funds .
by the end of april 1999 , the public security organs had already found clues and learned that zhang changli had moved about in southeast asia with a forged western samoan passport .
( 2 ) zhang changli had risen as leader of an enterprise run by the people during the big tide of market economy .
where could he raise such a huge amount of funds within a short period of time ?
within a short space of two - odd years , the units and individuals from anhui , jiangxi , shaanxi , hubei , hainan , guangdong , and some other provinces gradually deposited funds into their savings accounts at the beijiao office of people 's construction bank of china .
in handling the " deposits , " huali enterprise company ltd. paid part of the higher interest to the customers in advance , promising to repay both the principal and the remaining interest to the customers who produce the deposit passbook to the bank on the agreed date .
by september 1997 when the case was exposed , huali enterprise company ltd. had illegally raised as much as some 13.5 billion yuan in this way .
however , due to blind investment , zhang changli failed to achieve the expected high yields with the huge amount of funds he had raised with the result that huali enterprise company ltd. ran into financial difficulties .
as of july or august 1997 , huali enterprise company ltd. could no longer repay the due deposits to the customers and some customers time and again demanded repayment of their money from both the bank and the company and even reported the case to the departments in charge .
finally , the plot came to light .
( 3 ) as the violators of law shall be punished , zhang changli has been punished in accordance with the law in the end .
moreover , the process of illegally absorbing deposits in public also very often gives rise to other economic crimes .
originally , some enterprises or financial departments hope to rapidly coordinate funds . however , such a highly risky and illegal practice is bound to open a huge loophole in capital without exception sooner or later and a snowballing effect is likely to aggravate the malpractice further .
in order to block up a loophole , some people are bound to be tempted to commit bribery , graft , or swindle or engage in more serious criminal activities .
the state shall protect the legitimate income of individual citizens or units only and shall choose legitimate savings methods or other legitimate investment methods only .
the reason is that zhang changli had taken full advantage of a small number of people 's psychological desire for higher interest . besides , seeing zhang shielded by the staff of certain financial organs , some people were willing take a chance even though they were aware that the method had violated the law .
zhang changli 's case of illegally absorbing deposits in public has again sounded a warning to the public : do n't rashly believe in certain people 's promise of higher interest . more importantly , people should see through the illegal activities conducted by certain individuals under the signboard of the state .
the net of justice is wide but not loose .
statistics showed that in 1999 public security organs across the country seized a total of more than 110,000 economic criminals and captured more than 20 suspects of economic crimes from nine foreign countries or overseas regions .
zhang changli 's case has once again shown that no matter how cunning they are or no matter which end of the earth they flee to , economic criminals will still be unable to escape the just trial by the people and the stern punishment by the law in the end .
liu fangren believed : the key factors restricting the development of guizhou are poor transport facilities and inadequate information .
take the four - d - class [ as printed ] guiyang airport , which went into operation two years ago , for example , the number of passengers carried increased from 700,000 to 800,000 in 1997 to 1.31 million in 1999 . the airport has played an important role in opening guizhou wider to the outside world .
during the ninth five - year plan period , guiyang has been a major site for railway construction in the southwest region , and the state had invested more than 30 billion yuan in this regard in guizhou , accounting for 44 percent of the state 's total investment in railway construction in the southwestern region .
the zhuzhou - liupanshui , neijiang - kunming , and shuicheng - baiguo railways and the two major marshaling yards at guiyang and liupanshui have been started at the same time , and a massive force of railways builders are fighting a great battle in guizhou 's lofty ridges and towering mountains .
by 2002 guizhou will become the province with the highest railway density in the western region .
the guizhou plateau is the watershed between the two major river systems of chang jiang and zhu jiang .
strengthening the protection of ecological environment and controlling soil erosion are an important task in implementing guizhou 's strategy for sustainable development , which also has a bearing on the overall situation in " lasting stability " in the vast lower reaches of chang jiang and zhu jiang .
liu fangren stressed : guizhou will resolutely implement the important policy decision of the party central committee and the state council concerning a natural - forest protection project , and it will start first in areas along the lines of communication and in places for sightseeing and scenic resorts with better conditions .
at present , stress is to be laid on returning the reclaimed sloping land above 35 degrees to what it was .
the reason why anti - corruption is still one of the major issues of the two plenary sessions of the npc and cppcc this year is because it is often discussed but remains a new topic and because it cannot be accomplished only at one stroke .
premier zhu rongji pointed out at the meeting that our government is the people 's government and being honest and incorruptible is the basic requirement .
taking a broad view of the work of anti - corruption in 1999 , we may say that considerable results have been achieved .
the work of setting up a visible construction market was further carried forward . visible construction markets were set up at all cities at region level and above except 14 that were approved not to be built , which effectively controlled corrupt dealings in building projects .
positive results were achieved in carrying forward the government purchasing system , account appointment system , audit system of economic responsibility of leading cadres during their tenures , as well as the system of open village work , open factory work , and open government work .
one should admit that the chinese government made great efforts and did a solid job in every step of fighting corruption in the past whole year , however , it 's impossible to accomplish the whole task at one stroke as the burden of anti - corruption is heavy and the road is still long .
after hearing a lecture on network techniques given by relevant experts , zhang wannian delivered a speech . he pointed out : with the development of information and computer technologies , network techniques have developed very rapidly and permeated all fields of people 's life , yielding a comprehensive and profound impact .
zhang wannian said : under the new situation , chairman jiang is paying the greatest attention to two historic problems - - namely , to win in a future high - tech war that might happen , and to maintain the people 's army 's character , true qualities and work style .
to do a good job in arming ourselves with scientific theories is the ideological basis and important guarantee for " being immune to degeneration . "
zhang wannian emphasized : to do a good job in arming the pla with high - tech knowledge is a pressing need and important guarantee for " winning in war . "
all pla units must study to acquire high - tech knowledge and enhance their capability to win in a high - tech war .
the leading cadres at all levels in the pla must study to gain high - tech knowledge and enhance their ability of commanding and winning in a high - tech war .
in learning high - tech knowledge , the central military commission and all pla general departments should take the lead in creating a common practice and persist in study to spur on all pla units .
ding guangen , member of the political bureau and member of the secretariat of the cpc central committee and chairman of the central commission for guiding the spiritual civilization building , presided over and spoke at the meeting .
it is important to launch more activities which suit the needs of the masses and are well - received by the masses . cities should lay stress on the work of their communities ; rural areas , on the work of their villages and towns ; and industries and trades , on the work of their showcase units .
we should devote greater efforts to propagating and spreading good experiences gained in the ideological and political work at the grassroots level ; and let the masses feel personally , through the things and people around them , that the ideological and political work is being reinforced in real terms .
we should show respect , understanding , and care for people ; be good at starting our work by attending the issues that the masses are most concerned , as well as the issues that are most closely related to the immediate interests of the masses ; and complete our work to the full satisfaction of the masses .
we should reinforce the ideological work among young students , create a sound atmosphere for a healthy mental and physical growth of teenagers and youths , help them establish correct ideals and convictions , and reinforce their concept of observing discipline and the law .
communist party members must set an example for the entire society to follow , while leading cadres are required to play an exemplary role for the whole party .
ding guangen stressed that we should reinforce our awareness of seizing positions , vigorously propagate the main theme of our time , go all out to develop the healthy tendencies in society , and give a wide publicity to advanced models and work experiences in the ideological and political field .
we should organize the writing of a number of articles which carry a lot of weight and show depth of thought , so as to provide the masses with clearly aimed and persuasive answers to the questions that they are most concerned .
members of the central commission for guiding the spiritual civilization building attended today 's meeting .
special article by zts reporter lin ying ( 2651 7751 ) : " prc will usher in another wave of foreign investment a chinese expert recently forecast that china will usher in a new wave of foreign investment after its accession to the wto this year .
last year , foreign capital actually used still maintained a considerable scale , reaching $ 40.39 billion , making the prc second only to the united states in the world in absorbing foreign investment for six years in a row .
the statistics demonstrates that last year alone , the total import and export amount of the foreign - invested enterprises reached 174.5 billion , increasing by 10.7 percent over the previous year , and accounting for 48.8 percent of the total import and export amount of the entire country .
2 ) about 70 percent of the foreign capital used by china came from the asian region and , after the financial storm , the storm - afflicted asian countries further opened their markets and readjusted their economic structures , which has produced a certain negative impact on china 's absorption of foreign capital .
4 ) the slowdown of china 's domestic demand and the comparatively rapid wage increase in the coastal developed areas have , to a certain extent , crippled the power of the china market to attract foreign capital .
nevertheless , the expert pointed out that the emergence of economic recovery in various asian countries and regions such as hong kong , rok , japan , and southeast asian countries would once again contribute to an increase of investment in china in 2000 .
along with its accession to the wto , china will open more domains to the outside world .
this new round of opening - up moves will provide new opportunities for foreign investors , thereby setting off another wave of foreign investment in china .
beijing , 23 feb ( xinhua ) - - on a certain day in january 2000 , fleets of new submarines were sailing across the roaring surface of the bohai sea .
not long ago , the general staff department circulated a notice of commendation on their advanced deeds .
at 1000 , the officers and men of a certain submarine were steering the iron long whale slowly into the military port after fighting with the stormy sea for dozens of days and nights .
have not seen you for a long while , motherland !
this submarine is a piece of new main - battle equipment developed by our country .
in order to test its performance and underwater strike capability and test the combat strength and survival capability of officers and men , this submarine , with the central military commission 's authorization , carried out the special task of an " underwater long march . "
" the success of this long voyage will become an important symbol of the people 's navy 's modernization drive . "
prior to setting sail , vice admiral shi yunsheng , commander of the navy , issued a marching order to the officers and men going on the long voyage .
for months , the officers and men - fighting with the stormy waves , keeping away from hidden reefs and crossing island chains deep down the ocean - had been exploring the way in unfamiliar waters , venturing into " deadly sea areas , " and struggling with pacific storms .
this is a test of the ultimate limit of the submarine , the crew , and the weapons .
but as a commander , he was more preoccupied with the thoughts that his unit should take advantage of the long voyage to undergo rigorous training close to actual combat .
at the mobilization meeting , liu guangyou said in a resounding voice : " if we stay one more minute under the sea , we will be a bit more certain of winning a naval war .
" put the helm fully to port , twin screws up by two ! "
the submarine sailed deep down in the ocean again .
the higher authorities ordered the submarine to launch a torpedo attack on an " enemy " frigate .
the sun quietly rose above the horizon , and the submarine was slowly rising to the surface .
on the quay , welcoming bunting fluttered in the breeze and the celebrating sound of gongs and drums resounded through the sea and the sky .
with chest and head high , the officers and men stepped down from the submarine in proper order .
over the past 20 years , this submarine unit has successively organized dozens of oceangoing voyages , with all of its submarines having gone through the test of pacific storms , and set dozens of records in the building history of submarine units of the people 's navy .
in june 1999 , a professor from the naval submarine academy specially came to a certain submarine to ask noncommissioned officer [ nco ] wang changlai about the operating procedure of a certain new type of torpedo and invite him to compile together teaching material for using the torpedo .
wang changlai , 42 , is the most senior submarine nco of the navy .
over the past 20 - plus years , he , through assiduous self - study , has mastered the professional skills of firing four models of submarine torpedoes and become a " soldier professor " of high - tech equipment .
sonar is the " ear " of a submarine .
after becoming a sonar soldier , chou yuping is well aware of his heavy responsibility .
a year later , he became very skillful in " determining what it is just by listening " .
chou yuping has also compiled a two - volume " sonar operation manual " and published three academic theses .
in 1999 alone , the unit made over 160 scientific and technological innovations .
submarine torpedo nco zheng wenfa boldly suggested the research and development of a set of new equipment for simulated submarine torpedo attack training .
a year later , when zheng wenfa connected his newly - developed simulator with the torpedo attack director , they were incompatible .
he did not flinch from the failure .
he successively went to science research institutes in beijing and then shanghai to ask experts for advice and gather information , made 30 - plus major changes in the design plan , and eventually solved the difficult problem of compatibility between the simulator and the director .
on 9 october 1998 , 30 - odd experts and professors at home were in beijing to hold , for the first time ever , a high - level scientific and technological achievement authentication meeting for a submarine soldier .
soon afterwards , the navy formally reported this achievement to higher authorities as winner of the army 's science and technology progress class two award .
the south china sea , stormy sea and rapid waves .
following a several thousands nautical miles long - range raid , a new - model submarine led by unit chief liu guangyou , came here to take part in a real - strength drill on an unprecedented scale .
on the evening when the exercise was over , the moon cast its bright reflection in the water .
at that moment , it was pressure that liu guangyou , who had gone to military academies four times for further studies and taken submarines to oceangoing voyages for a dozen times , felt the strongest .
in january 1999 , the unit 's party committee held three enlarged meetings to promote science and technology training .
at the meetings , liu guangyou unequivocally noted : " method of operation is the key to fighting for the battlefield initiative .
" torpedo attack has three great risks , how to tackle that ? "
you just go ahead boldly , we will hold ourselves responsible if there is anything wrong ! "
on this basis , they organized officers and men to carry out simulated training more than 100 times .
with the suddenness of a thunderbolt , two of our submarines launched a preemptive attack on the " enemy . "
according to this plan , the mine - laying depth would be several times greater than normal .
in july , hot summertime - - members of the standing committee of the detachment [ zhi dui 2388 7130 ] , including unit chief liu guangyou and political commissar huang yaonian , repeatedly went to the submarine despite the high temperature to find an answer together with the officers and men .
unit leaders and grass - roots officers and men gradually came to a common understanding , and drills on this new method of operation went on .
a new drill began .
the submarine went deep down the sea , 20 meters , 30 meters , 40 meters . . .
the new submarine 's first great - depth fully - loaded mine - laying was a complete success !
in 1999 , this underwater mighty force achieved repeated successes in drills organized for various new methods of operation , including attack , mine - laying , and anti - submarine .
all these successes indicate that the people 's navy 's submarine unit has the extraordinary capability to attack its opponents !
li dezhu called on nationalities affairs commissions at all levels to take the opportunity of the large - scale development of the western region to change their concepts , work style , and work mode , and liberate themselves from their conventional and habitual work mode .
li dezhu emphasized that in the large - scale development of the western region , it is necessary to uphold " five principles . "
hence , li chunting believes that to adapt to the requirements of wto accession , the bad must provide strong financial backing for the state in building a highly effective and secure grain and cotton reserve system .
judging by current conditions in china , a grain reserve on an initial scale has formed due to the recent bumper harvests and the implementation of the policy of open purchase of the peasants ' surplus grain .
the amount of these reserves has already reached the 17 to 18 percent proportion laid down by the un food and agriculture organization .
however , since china is a large agricultural country with a big population , there is a certain gap between our current reserve capacity and regulation and control measures on the one hand and our national condition on the other .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao 22 february stated in explicit terms that china has no intention to attend the g-8 summit and its related activities .
german chancellor gerhard schroder said : " judging from a medium - range point of view , i think we should seriously consider the question of whether or not china 's joining g-8 is meaningful . "
french president jacques chirac said : " in view of the fact that china has become a main force in preserving world stability , i am personally in favor of inviting china to join g-8 and forming a group of 9 . "
therefore , china is necessary to express its own point of view .
the remarks by the chinese foreign ministry 's spokesman were quite equivocal . he emphatically pointed out the important and desirable role of the un .
china cannot accept this kind of practice .
china is one of the five permanent members of the unsc with veto power on major issues .
g-8 bypassing the unsc to act last year was in effect bypassing china and weaken china 's legitimate rights to take part and exert its influence on major international affairs .
therefore , since last year , china has actively sought measures to alter this unfavorable situation in order to protect china 's interests .
on the one side , china has made efforts to protect the legality and authority of un and to reaffirm the correct track of handling world affairs by un at an earlier date .
china 's pork and eggs respectively account for 46 and 38 percent of the world 's totals ; china is indeed a major country for animal products , but not a power .
we must therefore strive to enhance the market competitiveness of our livestock industry .
in that case , what are the new features of china 's livestock industry which is scattered into tiny pieces and which has undergone 50 years of development , especially the extraordinary development of the past 20 years , and what are the focal points in its development in the 21 st century ?
in particular , in some coastal provinces half the peasants no longer raised pigs and chickens , while there also emerged households or villages specializing in the livestock industry , with households raising 100 pigs and 1,000 chickens .
the integration and industrialization of livestock raising also led forward and spurred the regionalization of the livestock industry and its formation into large scale .
what is particularly gratifying is that the three northeast provinces , which were originally big importers of animal products , now rank among the country 's top 10 producers . meat production in jilin and liaoning respectively ranks 11 th and 12 th in the nation , and their granaries have turned into " meat stores . "
although china 's livestock industry still mainly consists of scattered operations at present , large - scale pig farms now account for 15 percent of the total number of pigs ready for slaughter ; and regions with developed animal product processing industries now account for over 30 percent of large - scale stockraising .
this policy , however , led to seriously irrational distribution of animal products between the urban and rural areas , and there were many mistakes in taking simultaneous account of the interests of the agricultural producers and those of the urban consumers .
the procurement policies for the main animal products were abolished in 1985 , and the basic role of the market in resource allocation was gradually brought into play .
the supply and marketing cooperatives have consistently taken part in handling animal products , but the biggest change after the reform compared with previously was that they changed from being purchasing agents into undertakings truly making their own decisions .
the original foreign trade and state - run and cooperative commerce undertakings mentioned above expanded from circulation to the processing of animal products and livestock and poultry production and integrated operations , in order to consolidate their position and develop and boost their strength in handling animal products .
they emerged in the years when procurement quotas were still being set for the main animal products ; they broke through the old pattern of only engaging in the livestock industry , and were the first modern enterprises to carry out integrated production and sales of animal products .
this way of doing things achieved the dovetailing of scattered production with concentrated sales markets , reduced the links in the circulation chain , lowered circulation losses , and acted as a tremendous boost to developing the livestock industry .
some which have developed relatively well have succeeded in integrating production , processing , and sales and in industrialized operations .
the switch of the livestock industry from scattered and extensive stockraising to large - scale stockraising , and from a family sideline undertaking to an intensive and modernized form is also a switch from traditional to modern economy .
as a result of the construction of several " shopping basket programs , " livestock and poultry production bases have extended from the inner to the outer outskirts of cities and into neighboring provinces , and this accords with the laws of the development of productive forces .
viewing the worldwide conditions , beef is also a big item ; in the past 10 years , centered on raising cattle through producing citrus , the state has invested a great deal of funds to support cattle raising , with the result that there has been a big increase in beef production .
compared with pork and eggs , however , it is a " little brother . "
in accordance with china 's national condition and with reference to foreign experiences , in the next 10 years , and even throughout the entire 21 st century , china 's livestock industry should focus on developing table hens and dairy products .
the government at all levels should raise table hens and the dairy industry to an important position , and give these great support as key industries . 1 .
the production cycle of table hens in short , the fodder conversion rate is high , and chicken prices are the cheapest on the international market , where consumption has registered a big increase .
for several successive years we have imported several times more chicken products than we have exported , and unless we speed up the development of raising table hens , then once we join the wto , china 's market will certainly be occupied by the main chicken - producing countries .
the main producing areas for table hens in china are the outskirts of several large cities and a few provinces and municipalities including shandong , jilin , hebei , and henan .
it appears that china 's table hen industry should attach importance to developing the big domestic market ; of course it should also make still greater efforts to win exports , because chicken production in neighboring japan is declining each year , and this is a market that we should exert great efforts to occupy . 2 .
strengthen the dairy industry , the weakest point china leads the world in several aspects of the livestock industry , but its weakest point is dairy products .
yet milk is gradually being accepted by middle - aged and older people as a replenisher of calcium , and this also comprises part of a stable consumer market .
milk and milk products can only increase year on year .
in particular , when they become adults , children who grow up clutching a milk bottle will not just drink a little in the morning , like today 's adults , but will consume 500 to 1,000 grams a day , and this is already quite common among middle and primary pupils .
developing the livestock industry is for the sake of improving living standards and improving the people 's physique ; at the same time the livestock industry solves the job problem for 80 million laborers , and is a major industry for increasing peasant incomes .
the domestic consumption market for animal products is very great .
beijing , 23 feb (zxs) - - today , this staff reporter learned from the eu representative office in china that china and the eu will continue negotiations on china 's accession to the world trade organization on 24 february .
by the time this reporter filed this dispatch at 1715 [ 0915 gmt ] today , neither side had disclosed whether the negotiations had made any progress .
beijing , 23 feb ( xinhua ) - - from 21 to 22 february , chinese assistant foreign minister wang yi and vietnamese assistant foreign minister le cong phung held the seventh round of sino - vietnamese government - level talks on border issues in beijing .
on 22 february , chinese vice foreign minister yang wenchang met le cong phung 's delegation and attended a ceremony on signing the " summary of minutes " of the seventh round of sino - vietnamese government - level talks on border issues .
vietnamese ambassador to china bui hong phuc attended the meeting and the signing ceremony .
at the start of the new year , the public security contingent building , a long - standing focus of attention of all walks of life in the society , has made a major stride forward .
the public security ministry today decided to introduce some 12 forceful , quick - yield , user - friendly , and easy - for - mass - supervision measures with an eye on bringing about a fundamental turn for the better in the face of the public security contingent through unremitting efforts over the next three years or so .
in order to grasp problems on an earlier date , we should work hard to identify and tackle problems of tendencies and symptoms of problems and exert our utmost to resolve the problems in the embryonic stage .
beijing , 23 feb - - chinese and european union [ eu ] representatives will continue talks today on china 's wto accession .
it is noteworthy that both sides have attached great importance to the negotiations .
apart from the eu , there are still 10 - odd countries that have not signed bilateral agreements with china .
in spite of this , the official remained optimistic about china 's wto accession within a year .
the publication of this white paper has evoked strong repercussions in the international community .
over the past seven years , tremendous changes have taken place in the domestic and international situation .
running through the whole white paper is a central theme , that is , the one - china principle is the basis and precondition for realizing peaceful reunification .
why is it necessary to launch the struggle against the " two states " theory ?
this is because the " two states " theory has undermined the development of cross - strait relations , as well as the basis and precondition for peaceful reunification .
thanks to the resolute struggle waged by the mainland side , the taiwan authorities could not but announce that the " two states " theory will not be " incorporated into the constitution , " nor has it been turned into a major policy keynote in the present election .
taiwan is an inalienable part of china . this is the consensus of the entire chinese people .
any attempt to separate taiwan from china will bring disasters to taiwan .
it will enable the people of taiwan to make a clear distinction between right and wrong , work for peaceful reunification , and opt for peaceful reunification rather than war .
all this reflects the chinese government 's stand to resolutely safeguard the one - china principle .
they should not talk nonsense with regard to the taiwan issue or encourage " taiwan independence , " much less should they underestimate the chinese people 's determination and capability to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and achieve total reunification .
therefore , i think that it is impossible for two different operational mechanisms and rules to exist in a unified social economic structure for a long time .
moreover , these problems cannot completely disappear by means of education , supervision , and even crackdown .
only after the new structure comes into shape and the old structure basically withdraws from the historical scene through in - depth reform can the problems be fundamentally resolved .
nie : according to the analyses you have just made of the stages of the " progressive reform , " we are now in the stage of storming the heavily fortified positions , which means changing from the old structure to the new one .
ordinarily , various kinds of social contradictions are very conspicuous , but why does everybody , from top to bottom , emphasize that the key point of storming the fortified positions of reform lies in the reform of state - owned enterprises ?
it is still a rather long distance from the establishment of a property rights boundary and interest boundary of multiple input , as well as from an explicit market main body and legal entity as required by the modern enterprise system .
for instance , the layout of the state - owned economy is irrational , the proportion of the solely state - owned enterprises is too large , and some enterprises have failed to set up appropriate state assets management organizations or lacked capital contributors after they broke off their links with the government departments .
it is precisely because of this that the problem of state enterprise reform has for the first time become the central committee plenum 's principal subject for discussion .
zang : according to my macroscopic ideas on reform , we should have a good grasp of the following relationships : 1 .
however , reform cannot replace development , so we should pay serious attention to the issue of industrial structural adjustment and upgrading .
just as comrade xiaoping said : reform and opening up is a move that will determine china 's destiny , to which we must keep a clear head . 2 .
another expression of the reform of the public ownership realization forms is the reform of the enterprises ' property organizational forms , which means changing the enterprises ' ownership from their extremely pure public - owned or state - owned nature to a mixed ownership with the state controlling or jointly holding enterprises ' stocks .
intensification of management is an eternal theme of enterprises .
in the final analysis , we need a good structure and mechanism .
that is why departing from reform to grasp management will do in a small number of enterprises but will not do in a majority of them ; and it will work for a short period of time but will not work for a long time .
we face arduous tasks in strengthening and improving our ideological and political work in the new period .
ideals and beliefs are a practical embodiment of people 's political convictions and world perspectives .
our party 's goal is to realize communism . in the current phase , our party 's goal is to construct socialism with chinese characteristics .
communist ideals and beliefs are the most lofty ideals and beliefs in the history of humankind . they not only generate the most wonderful and reasonable social system in the history of humankind , but also provide scientific perspectives on the world , values and life with which perspectives of all other beliefs cannot compete .
firm ideals and beliefs are the soul of communists . they are the spiritual pillar and source of energy for communists who never stop struggling , and no sooner does one of them fall than another steps into the breach .
so , strengthening and improving ideological and political work while focusing on strengthening people 's ideals and beliefs is an arduous and urgent task faced by party committees and political units at all levels .
currently , we are in an important historical period at the turn of two centuries . our country 's reform is in the period of storming the fortifications . faced with the changeable situation in the world and various complicated social phenomena , some people are at a loss and puzzled .
to strengthen our ideals and beliefs , the most basic issue is that we must strengthen the study of marxism , leninism , mao zedong thought and , especially , deng xiaoping theory .
only marxism can lead us to deeply understand the objective laws of social development , grasp the nature of the development of the world 's situation , and not be influenced by whirlpools and adverse currents in the river of history .
to do well the work of strengthening our ideals and beliefs , we must correctly deal with the relationship between our ideals and interests .
in the past , influenced by far - left ideological trends , we indulged in empty talk about our ideals and were forbidden to talk about our interests .
the move is another cornerstone for the strengthening of japan - us military cooperation , and it signifies the military cooperation of the two sides is going deeper .
in this visit , clinton and the then - japanese prime minister hashimoto signed a programmatic document to reinforce the japan - us alliance , that is , " the us - japan joint declaration on security : alliance for the 21 st century . "
the declaration redefined the alliance as not limited to the purpose of pure defense , but with an aim to intervene in regional and even global affairs .
this means that the japan - us military alliance will see a change in nature .
the second phase is giving legal status to the alliance .
the governments of japan and the united states released the new " guidelines for japan - us defense cooperation . "
this , undoubtedly , has sowed the seeds of misfortune for the security of the region or even the globe .
the first big move was to join hands to develop tmd [ theater missile defense ] under the pretext of the " dprk launched a long - range ballistic missile . "
on 16 august 1999 , japan and the united states exchanged notes and signed a memorandum on developing tmd together .
right after that , on 21 august , the japanese defense agency , listed 2.1 billion japanese yen in the budget of 2000 for the single purpose of developing tmd .
reportedly , in future japan - us joint military maneuvers , the organ will be responsible for deploying the two armies , collecting information , and stipulating and transmitting joint maneuver plans for logistics support .
it is obvious that the establishment of the new headquarters will move japan - us military cooperation to a newer and higher level .
all the signs have led to the conclusion that with the establishment of the joint command headquarters , a series of moves will be observed from the japanese - us military cooperation endeavor .
instead , the central bank will adopt a more flexible exchange rate system and widen the yuan 's floating scope against the us dollar .
the chinese government has never announced any target exchange rate , and therefore is not obliged to maintain the yuan exchange rate at a particular level .
under the current exchange rate system , the trend of the yuan exchange rate against the us dollar is mainly determined by the balance of payments .
a surplus in international balance of payments suggests that demand for the us dollar will be smaller than supply and that the pressure of the yuan 's devaluation this year is virtually non - existent .
it is perhaps more appropriate to call the exchange rate the outcome rather than the reason of economic activities .
if this misunderstanding can be righted , the government will be able to win some space for resolving its domestic economic problems .
for example , it can further lower interest rates to stimulate domestic demand without having to worry about the pressure of the yuan 's devaluation .
free convertibility will definitely become a reality in the long term , this also represents the direction for the development of the yuan exchange rate system .
on an operational level , the combination of a more flexible exchange rate system with a more freely convertible foreign exchange system is easier to implement than the combination of a fixed exchange rate system with free convertibility .
this position has remained consistent from then until now , solid and unmoving . we will in no way allow any power to change in any way the status of the resolve that taiwan is one part of china .
chairman jiang 's talk set out the essentials of the " peaceful unification , one country , two systems " policy , thereby giving expression to the consistency and continuity of our party and government with respect to solution of the taiwan question .
the successful practice of " one country , two systems " in hong kong and macao confirms that this is the best way of resolving the taiwan question .
official conclusion of cross - straits antagonism under the one china principle is an essential step in carrying forward the development of cross - straits relations .
any and all issues are negotiable under the one china principle , including all the various issues that are of concern to the taiwan government .
the media and the academic , industrial and business circles on taiwan island have been the most enthusiastic and the most active in expressing their opinions . people are all expecting that the cross - strait relations will continue to develop toward reunification .
the reunification of the motherland accords with the feelings of the people and the general trend of events ; it is where the fundamental interest of all the chinese people , including the people in taiwan , lies ; and it is an irresistible historical trend .
during the five years , the political , economic , social and other achievements made by our country have attracted worldwide attention . we have deepened our reform , increased our strength , raised our international standing , expanded our influence and improved our living standard .
the facts have proven that deng xiaoping 's " one country , two systems " concept has a great vitality and it is the best way to solve the taiwan question .
according to the bilateral agreement on joining wto as a member , china 's reduction of tariffs will go through a gradual course and the import of international commodities , which are sold cheaper than domestic products , will also increase gradually year by year .
using the consumer price index will be conducive to conforming with international customs and also conducive to making comparison and analysis with most countries in the world .
these measures play an important role in improving the natural environment and promoting the continuous development of the economy and society . however , there are still problems in some areas of cutting trees , using forest lands for unauthorized purposes and damaging forests without restraint .
this further damages the natural environment and causes severe losses in state and collective assets . the masses respond strongly to this .
driven by short - term interests , some areas cut forests and denude areas on the sly . management departments of some areas connive and shield people who cut and steal trees . sometimes management departments even cooperate with people who cut and steal trees .
moreover , some areas will become poor again . so it is imperative and urgent to take effective measures and strengthen law enforcement in order to protect forest resources and improve the natural environment . we must further improve our understanding of the importance of protecting forest resources .
they must fully understand that protecting and developing forest resources have important meaning for society . it is a long - term and arduous task . it is also an important duty for party committees and governments at all levels .
party committees and governments at all levels must conscientiously implement the system in which leading cadres at all levels are responsible for attaining given objectives for protecting and developing forest resources when they are in their posts .
we must further strengthen publicity of this cause .
we must take care to sum up , promote and cultivate progressive exemplary figures who emerge in protecting forest resources and improving the natural environment . at the same time , we must also deal severely with criminals who damage forest resources and the natural environment despite the government 's effort to crack down on them .
when protecting forest resources , we must persist in managing forests according to law .
we must severely crack down on various activities which damage forest resources , such as cutting trees without authorization , cutting trees secretly and stealing them , using forest land for other purposes without authorization , turning forests into cultivated lands , transporting wood illegally , operating wood - related businesses illegally and processing wood illegally .
we must comprehensively improve the quality of forest - resource management and law enforcement personnel . we must improve the level of administration according to law . leading cadres at all levels , especially leaders of forestry - management departments , must become examples of abiding by the law and executing the law .
it is rare to have such a variety of opportunities joining the wto means that china , a leading trader in agricultural products , will gain its rightful place in the world 's largest trade organization , and this will bring a variety of opportunities for china 's agriculture and grain production operations .
i now focus on explaining the following three points .
in the 21 st century , the scope of international trade will be mainly formulated by a variety of multilateral trade structures , with the wto as the main player .
so long as we further improve the variety structure and optimize quality , these agricultural products will enjoy advantages in both quality and price , and we can further expand our exports and take a bigger share of the international market .
it will help us in importing new varieties and new technology for restructuring agriculture and grain , modernizing china 's agriculture and grain industry is a systems project that includes innovation in industrial system , changes in operational methods , and optimization of market structure and resource allocation .
since the agricultural and grain production resources are not evenly distributed , optimizing their allocation needs to be carried out through the country and indeed throughout the world ; we should launch exchanges of technology and varieties to make up for each other 's deficiencies from each other 's strong points .
before the reform and opening up , china 's agricultural and grain plate was basically " confined " in a self - enclosed circle , and its development was seriously constrained .
the wto is an open and free international trading organization based on market economy .
as far as grain trade is concerned , the tariff rate within the quota is 1 to 3 percent , and outside the quota it is 66 to 80 percent .
the challenge to the agricultural products market .
china has reaped bumper harvests year after year since the mid-1990's , and grain and other main products have changed from constraint by resources to dual constraint by market and resources ; a situation of phased and structural excess of supply over demand has emerged .
in the past 10 years , however , china 's grain production costs have been increasing at an average annual rate of 10 percent , and the prices are now higher than those on the international market .
under these supply - demand and price conditions , increased entry into the quota market may bring three challenges to our agricultural produce market , namely in quality , quantity , and price , which will have an unfavorable impact on the main producing areas of grain and other leading products .
and abundant resources and arable land are the advantages of certain countries , where production is on a large scale , production costs are low , and returns are high .
this determines that after joining the wto , many of china 's agricultural products are bound to face the challenge of low - tariff imports .
the challenge to peasant incomes and the employment of labor .
the import of foreign agricultural products will have an impact on the income sources and job opportunities for china 's peasants , who are small - scale producers .
in particular , in north and northeast china , which are the main producing areas of wheat , maize , and soybeans , nonagricultural sectors are relatively weak , so the pressure on peasant incomes and employment will be somewhat greater .
objectively speaking , the pressure and challenges posed by wto accession are normal .
there are all kinds of misunderstandings in china regarding wto accession .
the main reasons for these misunderstandings are : lack of understanding of the wto and its rules ; lack of clear understanding of the all - round situation in china 's agriculture and grain production and world economic development trends ; and inability to understand in a dialectical way the relations between two kinds of resources and two markets .
again , the view that grain imports will threaten china 's grain security is also groundless .
calculating from the current domestic grain production of 500 million tons , 5 percent grain import is 25 million tons .
supposing that by the end of the buffer period in 2004 the whole amount permitted into the quota market has been imported , the maximum amount imported would be only 21.8 million tons , 3.2 million less than 25 million .
moreover china 's all - round grain production capacity is stable at 500 million tons , and we firmly control the state grain reserves and initiative in grain import and export .
wto accession is not an industrial concept but a concept of setup or organizational system .
to grasp the initiative after wto accession , we must deepen the reforms , and establish a circulation setup and enterprise system suited to the demands of an open and liberalized trade setup and the intensive international market competition .
after wto accession , it will be all the more urgent to establish a highly efficient and flexible agricultural produce foreign trade system with few links and low costs .
the current reform of breakthrough significance is the new setup that coordinates and unifies the separate internal and external trade systems for agricultural produce , that is , achieving integration of domestic and foreign trade in this produce in the form of joint management or joint operations , and adopting the new form of agency services in foreign trade .
for instance , wto member - states can take antidumping measures in accordance with antidumping and antisubsidy accords .
by referring to foreign methods , china should formulate an " agricultural produce antidumping law " as soon as possible as a precaution against lawless foreign speculators and in order to effectively protect our domestic market stability .
therefore , no matter whether viewed from an economic or a political angle , this is an event of both great immediate importance and profound historic significance .
to successfully carry out our work in these fields , we should proceed from the country 's overall economic situation and strategic needs , suit measures to local conditions , make an overall plan and coordinate work in different aspects , adopt a leading approach as appropriate , and accelerate the construction of infrastructural facilities in the western region .
we should uphold the strategy of invigorating the country through science and education , and work hard to enhance the scientific and technological level of the western development .
we should give priority to the development of education ; particularly , we should make nine - year compulsory education universal and wipe out illiteracy among young and middle - aged people .
to promote the large - scale development of the western region , we should gear ourselves to changes in the country 's economic structure and its economic growth pattern , adopt a new way of thinking , explore new methods , and build up new mechanisms .
through our unremitting efforts , we aim to build up a new western region with beautiful mountains and rivers where the economy is flourishing , the society is undergoing constant progress , and people of different nationalities are united as one .
the construction of rural grassroots party organizations is long - term basic task . in the new period of the development of agriculture and the rural economy , we can only strengthen this work and cannot weaken it .
so we must continuously and truly improve the general level of the construction of rural grassroots party organizations .
however , some areas sometimes work hard in this field and sometimes slacken in this work .
this shortsighted activity in the work of constructing rural grassroots party organizations must be corrected as soon as possible .
we must not only attach importance to the consciousness of party committees in all areas in focusing on their own party construction , but also rely on party committees in all areas in supervising , urging and checking lower - level party committees .
they must go deep into townships and villages and directly listen to the opinions of grassroots cadres and masses . they must obtain firsthand information , help grassroots people solve their problems and promote the development of their work .
all this has fed the swollen arrogance of lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] and the taiwan independence forces of splitting up the motherland , and is an important root cause of tension in the situation of the taiwan strait .
at the end of this century , hong kong and macao were returned to the motherland one after another within the " one country , two systems " framework .
president jiang zemin pointed out at the new year reception of the cppcc national committee that the return of hong kong and macao to the motherland indicated that the country had made important headway in achieving the motherland 's complete reunification .
meanwhile , the changes in taiwan 's political situation have also made the settlement of the taiwan issue more urgent .
while the two sides of the strait are still in a state of hostility since the taiwan issue appeared several decades ago , the two sides do agree on one fundamental issue , namely there is but one china and taiwan is part of chinese territory .
in the 1980 's , the situation in the taiwan strait began to ease , the two sides were not as estranged as before , and personnel contacts and economic and cultural exchanges between the two sides also began to develop rapidly .
in recent years , however , what used to be covert secessionist activities of " taiwan independence " advocates have become increasing more overt and rampant .
what is even more worrisome is the fact that certain leaders of the taiwan authorities have brazenly gone against the one china principle step by step .
government leaders of the motherland maintain that , while the fight against the " two - state theory " has achieved significant results , the taiwan strait is still ridden by potentially serious crisis , and that they must still be highly alert of the development of the political situation on the island .
as the " presidential campaign " is currently going on in taiwan , people are particularly concerned with the development of taiwan 's political situation .
the media have come to notice that the third " if " is unprecedented and its meaning is clear and specific . it states in no uncertain term that the chinese government will not allow the taiwan issue to remain unresolved indefinitely .
when the " two sessions " were held last year , jiang zemin , qian qichen , tang jiaxuan and other leaders stated time and again that the taiwan issue could not remain unresolved indefinitely , and many cppcc national committee members also stated the need to intensify cross - strait exchanges and promote national reunification .
now significant changes have taken place in taiwan and cross - strait relations during the past year . more than ever before people are following closely the motherland 's reunification process , which is now at a crucial period .
the taiwan issue has become a national topic of discussion .
as we were limited by a lack of sufficient data at the time , we just made calculations for that 10 - year period in concluding that grain production costs in china ( the costs per 50 kg of grain ) had risen at an annual average of about 10 percent during that period .
when analyzing the changes in grain production costs during the 20 years of rural reforms , we have taken 1978 as the base year and 1997 as the comparison year .
in china , the main grain crops are rice , wheat , maize , millet , sorghum , and soybeans ; rice , wheat , and maize account for over 86 percent of the country 's grain production .
when analyzing the grain production costs over 20 years , if we use the relevant figure for production costs per mu , its comparability is affected by the increase in the per - mu yield .
if however we use the figure for production costs per 50 kg of grain , we can more accurately reflect the real trends of change over many years .
the people 's commune system was still in effect in 1978 . the investigation was carried out on 273,264 mu of grain in 1,978 production teams ; in 1997 it was carried out on 191,219 mu of grain farmed by 10,592 households in 1,652 counties .
the grain production costs in china are mainly divided into three main parts , namely material expenditure , the cost of labor , and tax .
in 1978 the tax - inclusive production cost of 50 kg of grain was 11.14 yuan , and in 1997 it was 51.93 yuan , from which we reached the figure of an annual rise of 8.44 percent over the 19 years .
in 1978 the average state price for procuring 50 kg of grain was 11.28 yuan , and in 1997 the average sale price was 68.56 yuan , having increased by 9.96 percent a year over the 19 years .
in the statistical analysis , the average figures may cover quite big fluctuations .
hence , it is necessary to carefully analyze the actual data for the tax - inclusive grain production costs and average selling prices for each year , and the changes in them ( the relevant material is in attached tables 1 and 2 ) [ tables not displayed ] .
hence , it can be said that the rise of grain production costs has the nature of a trend .
the net return rate on production costs was only 1.15 percent .
after the rural reforms , the peasants gained operational decision - making powers , and changes gradually occurred in grain production costs .
again , 2.8 draft animal work units [ xu gong , 3964 1562 ] were required per mu in 1978 , but only 1.16 in 1997 , the latter being 41.43 percent of the former .
as for labor units [ yong gong liang , 3938 1562 6852 ] per mu , the figure dropped from 28.6 in 1978 to 13.5 in 1997 , a decline of 52.8 percent .
labor costs only rose during the period because the cost of a working day rose from 0.8 yuan to 10 yuan .
labor expenditure in taiwan is only nearly one - third of total production costs ; the rest is material expenditure ; whereas on the mainland material and labor expenditure each account for half the total .
taiwan uses two labor units per mu , while the mainland uses about 20 . 2 .
expenditure on fertilizer in taiwan is relatively low , accounting for about 8 percent , whereas on the mainland the proportion exceeds 19 percent . 4 .
under these production cost structures , taiwan 's paddy production costs in 1990 were at least 100 percent higher than the international level , while the mainland 's costs were below that level at the time .
only three or four years later , however , around 1994 , china 's grain production costs , including paddy rice , were higher than the international average , and so far there has been no way of reversing this .
in reality , although the cost of land - substitute technology is increasing , it cannot catch up with the increase in the cost of labor - substitute technology .
this trend of development has caused the situation today where china 's grain production costs are already higher than the international level even though china 's agriculture is far from achieving modernization .
this has already had a major impact on the process of china 's modernization , and it will play a role in the next one or two decades or even longer .
hence , it is expected that for quite a long time to come , it will be very important to strive to reduce the proportion of labor costs in grain production costs .
given also the impact of natural disasters , fluctuations in china 's grain production can hardly be avoided ; in particular , since 1984 there has roughly been a three - year small cycle and a six - year large cycle fluctuation .
the marketable rate of china 's grain is generally held to be about 30 percent ; not more than 50 percent of the marketable grain - - that is , 15 percent of total grain output - - is ordered or bought at negotiated prices by the state .
hence , over half the peasants ' surplus grain is sold in the market , and the fluctuations in its price are rather greatly affected by supply - demand relations , and quite a small shortage or surplus will cause quite big fluctuations in market price .
in particular , although the state has openly bought the peasants ' surplus grain at protected prices since 1996 , the average selling price has actually declined year on year ; by 1998 the cumulative drop was 20.02 percent , and the selling price that year was lower than in 1995 .
this was because working day costs dropped from 10 yuan in 1997 to 9.6 yuan in 1998 , a drop of 4 percent .
in 1998 the number of working days was the same as in the previous year , and the number of people supported by each agricultural laborer fell slightly from 1.56 to 1.55 compared with 1997 , a small change ( 0.64 percent ) .
the reason for this reduction , as verified by the state planning commission , was that their actual income from grain declined , and not because they reduced their expenditure in expectation of reduced income .
from the formula for calculating the cost of the working day , we can see that the number of peasant working days over the whole year ( 254 ) is identical to the working days of urban workers ( after excluding two days of rest and festivals and holidays ) .
it is worth discussing whether this calculation fully accords with china 's national condition .
the tax - inclusive production costs of grain in china rose by 8.44 percent a year from 1978 to 1997 ; in that case , will the production costs rise by such a great percentage in the next three to five years or longer ?
the year 2000 may very likely be a turning - point year ; after china joins the world trade organization [ wto ] , it is extremely likely that the speed of our economic development will increase .
if the economy heats up again in the next two or three years , and there is another big movement of peasant laborers , grain consumption is sure to rise , with the result that the grain price will increase again , the peasants ' production input will increase , and grain production costs will correspondingly rise .
summarizing the above analysis , we estimate that there will be a big decline in the rate of increase of grain production costs in the next three to five years .
in order to avoid big fluctuations in grain price , in the future it would be best if the government can readjust the grain procurement price each year in light of the supply - demand and price situation .
after china joins the wto , we must protect the interests of our grain - growing peasants as far as possible , and cannot allow too much foreign grain to hit our domestic market .
although they use different compositions of technology and key elements , the united states and japan have achieved roughly similar speed in agricultural growth .
this example is indeed very typical .
the chinese government and people by no means can tolerate ' taiwan independence ' and other splittist plots . "
this was the remark made by li zhaoxing , chinese ambassador to the united states , at a meeting today with more than 60 assistants to us congressmen .
li zhaoxing said : according to the central government 's instructions , the chinese embassy in washington will continue to strengthen contacts with taiwan compatriots , ensure their legitimate interests , and do everything we can to help them solve their difficulties .
li zhaoxing stressed : defending national sovereignty and territorial integrity is a major principle upheld by all sovereign countries .
this is the typical hegemonist logic of confusing right and wrong and calling white black and black white .
the chinese government and people ardently love peace , and " one country , two systems and peaceful reunification " is our basic principle for settling the taiwan issue .
if tensions arise in the taiwan strait , it could only be the consequence brought about by the " taiwan independence " force with li teng - hui [ li denghui ] as its general representative , with the connivance and support of some seemingly gentlemanly foreign forces which are hostile to china .
to ensure that sino - us relations develop steadily and are not impaired , the united states should abide by the principles laid down in the three sino - us joint communiques and its relevant commitments - - this is the most basic thing .
from 15 to 23 february , foreign minister tang paid an official visit to mauritania , tunisia , kuwait , and iran by invitation .
he said the " white paper " was issued within a setting of the taiwan separatist forces intensifying their efforts to block cross - strait reunification , and of some americans meddling more actively in the taiwan matter .
it was certainly not aimed at the taiwan " election , " and was not a military threat .
the only way out for taiwan is for the taiwan authorities to abandon their " two - states theory , " and return to their " one china " stand .
yu shuning cited deng xiaoping 's words back then .
and he reemphasized that the " one china " principle is the key to solving the taiwan problem .
the technical negotiations this time began on 21 february and lasted four days .
the date for the next negotiations has not yet been fixed .
beijing , 24 feb (zxs) - - speaking here today , chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao formally asked the japanese government not to allow the dalai lama into japan .
japan 's tokyo governor shintaro ishihara yesterday said that he would receive and hold talks with the dalai lama in his capacity as governor .
he sternly reiterated that the dalai is a political exile who has chronically engaged in separatist activities under the cloak of religion .
china solemnly urges the japanese government to earnestly honor the commitments it has made to the chinese side and refrain from allowing the dalai into the country , so as not to create new obstructions to relations between the two countries .
commenting on this , the spokesman said that china hopes relevant activities could contribute to regional peace and stability .
li ruihuan went to yuhang city in zhejiang province from on 20 - 21 february to investigate and study the " three stresses " education of the city 's leading body and leading cadres in accordance with the unified arrangement of the central authorities and direct mobilization of the city 's leading cadres to participate in the education .
he called some retired veteran comrades and responsible persons of relevant units to a forum ; listened to the report of the city party committee on the preparatory work concerning " three stresses " education ; and delivered a speech at the meeting of the city 's leading cadres on " three stresses " education .
accompanied by provincial party secretary li dejiang , governor chai songyue , and cppcc provincial committee chairman liu feng on 21 - 24 february , li ruihuan inspected hangzhou , jiaxing , and other places .
leaders of the older generation attached particular importance to the opinions of the masses ; stressed that people should consult with the masses when matters arise ; encouraged people to first become pupils of the people before becoming their teachers ; and urged people to get the opinions of the masses and refer them back to the masses .
however , nowadays in some places the masses are less consulted and their opinions are less heeded when matters arise .
he pointed out : very often we say that serving the people wholeheartedly is the purpose of the party and the government . if we do not heed the opinions of the masses in a regular basis , how can we clearly understand what and how we should serve and how we can render better service ?
very often we say the party and the masses maintain flesh - and - blood ties , are as inseparable as fish and water , and forge a relationship of public servants ; if we do not heed the opinions of the masses on a regular basis and the two are separated , what situation and results will occur ?
as far as leading cadres are concerned , politics means uniting more people ; capability means bringing the enthusiasm of the masses into full and rational play ; and authority means making the masses satisfied and happy and enjoying their support .
we must heed the opinions of the masses on a regular basis whether circumstances are difficult or favorable or when we have free time or are fully occupied , and strive to develop it into a habit , a conscious action , and a general practice to heed the opinions of the masses .
hu xiaodi pointed out that since mankind started the utilization of outer space , acts of military utilization of outer space have never stopped .
either prospect will annul all efforts in nuclear disarmament and the prevention of proliferation .
zhou tienong , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee and executive vice chairman of the central committee of the chinese kuomintang revolutionary committee , said : the white paper was published in good time , which has clearly pointed out a direction for the development of cross - strait relations .
the one - china principle is the cornerstone of the chinese government 's policy toward taiwan .
it is best to achieve cross - strait reunification by peaceful means , that is , we should first hold dialogues and consultations .
the publication of the white paper is a great encouragement to all chinese and foreign personages who advocate and support the peaceful reunification of china and a powerful deterrent to all hegemonists , interventionists , and separatists .
the china democratic league fully supports the chinese government 's adherence to the one - china principle and policy .
we should make every possible effort to promote the settlement of the taiwan issue at an early date .
du yijin , vice chairman of the central committee of the china zhi gong dang , said : the two sides are closer to each other during the ebb tide ; china will become prosperous after its reunification .
hong fuzeng , vice chairman of the central committee of the jiusan society , stressed : the complete reunification of the motherland is not only a lofty ideal all chinese people have been hankering for but also a historic opportunity for achieving the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation in the 21 st century .
the jiusan society sincerely hopes that the chinese people on both sides of the taiwan strait will join hands at an early date and satisfactorily settle the taiwan issue and realize the complete reunification of the motherland in accordance with the basic principle of " peaceful reunification , one country , two systems . "
li minkuan , vice chairman of the taiwan democratic self - government league , said : cross - strait relations are at a critical moment .
resolution of the pntr issue represents the consensus in the agreement reached by china and the united states on china 's accession to the wto ; it conforms with the common interests of the people of china and the united states .
on the issue of choosing a new managing director to the international monetary fund [ imf ] , zhu bangzao expressed the hope that the imf would choose a new managing director as soon as possible , for the sake of normal progress in the organization 's work .
the chinese side is of the view that conditions for holding ministerial - level talks between the two sides have ripened .
shi guangsheng , chinese minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , welcomes eu trade commissioner lamy to visit china to finally conclude the sino - eu talks on china 's wto entry .
jiang zemin stayed at guangzhou 's zhuhai guesthouse , a garden - like guesthouse used by guangdong exclusively to accommodate central leaders . ordinarily , the guesthouse is open to the public , but it had been closed for business since the afternoon of the day before .
armed policemen and public security personnel could be seen guarding along a way several hundred meters long inside the compound .
in addition , departments concerned have also found proof that he threw away money , like his dirty gambling in las vegas during his trip to the united states .
when he was mayor of shanghai , zhu rongji thought highly of zhu xiaohua , now 51 years old , when he served as vice president of the people 's bank of china shanghai branch in the 1980 s .
in 1993 , zhu rongji began to launch a large - scale rectification drive of the financial industry . after personally assuming the post of the central bank governor , he named zhu xiaohua vice governor of the central bank . zhu xiaohua was transferred to serve as director of the state administration of exchange control the next year .
when he took over the post from zhu xiaohua on 29 july 1999 , liu mingkang said : " chairman zhu is being transferred back to the mainland in a routine reshuffle . there are other arrangements waiting for him . i hope you will not give credence to rumors . "
however , later when the asian financial crisis broke out , the group 's assets greatly declined .
in the new millennium , the chinese people are welcoming the upcoming " two sessions . "
the " two sessions " to be held at the turn of the century are of extreme significance .
prior to the convocation of the " two sessions , " this reporter had interviews with some npc deputies and cppcc members on the topic of economic reform .
the deputies and cppcc members maintained that reform is advancing wider and steadily , great efforts have been made in reform , and achievements are noticeable .
the " debt - equity swap " program draws the attention of the people most .
for instance , some large key enterprises , such as anshan iron and steel company , benxi iron and steel company , china faw group corporation , and china second motor company , have turned nearly several billions of debts or nearly 10 billion yuan of debts into shares .
at present , state departments concerned have recommended , through examinations , 601 enterprises to carry out the " debt - equity swap " program and expect to help them turn 459.6 billion yuan of debts into shares .
the year 1999 was one when greatest efforts were exerted to realign and technologically transform state - owned enterprises .
after basically resolving the problems of separating government functions from enterprise management , the two large petroleum groups have materialized the integration of upper - stream products with downstream ones and made their production , supply , and marketing a coordinate process .
non - ferrous metal industries witnessed a slash in deficits after establishing aluminum , rare earth , and copper industrial groups .
last year , the central party and government organizations cut ties with the economic entities run by themselves and the enterprises under their jurisdiction ; and the army , the armed police forces , and public security , procuratorial , and judicial organs smoothly transferred the economic enterprises run by themselves to localities .
of the 530 enterprises which were divorced from the central party and government organizations , most have put their settlement plans in place . meanwhile , plans for taking over and handling more than 6,000 such economic enterprises are basically put in place .
some deputies and cppcc members maintained that thanks to the implementation of reform and various measures , a turn has been taken for getting state - owned enterprises out of plight in three years through reform .
such achievements laid a foundation for the final realization of the goal of getting state - owned enterprises out of plight in 2000 .
from now on , state - owned enterprises should conscientiously implement the spirit of the 15 th national party congress and the fourth plenary session of the 15 th cpc central committee , strategically readjust their structures , and carry out the modern enterprise system in real terms .
at present , there are more than 11 million laid - off workers from state - owned enterprises and over 27 million retirees nationwide .
last year , basic living expenses were distributed to over 90 percent of the laid - off workers , and the majority of the localities ensured to pay 98 percent of the old - age pensions in full and on schedule .
in july last year , the central authorities made a decision on raising the salaries of the urbanites with low - and medium - level incomes , thus making 80 million people nationwide enjoy this treatment .
the housing reform has constantly been a hot - debated issue affecting the people 's feelings .
in august last year , the general offices of the cpc central committee and the state council forwarded and implemented the " plan for further intensifying the housing reform among the central and state organs stationed in beijing . "
third , the pace of selling public houses was accelerated .
last year , more than 50 percent of the marketable public houses in most provinces and municipalities throughout the country were sold while over 80 percent of such houses in 10 - odd provinces , municipalities , and autonomous regions , such as chongqing , henan , and guangxi , were sold .
fourth , more efforts were made to readjust house rents .
beijing has worked out methods for readjusting house rent rates and giving house rent subsidies . after the central and state organs and beijing municipality readjust their house rent rates , the spending on house rents will account for about 10 percent of the household 's incomes .
ye rutang , deputy to the npc and vice minister of construction , said that the replacement of house distribution by payment of house subsidies and the opening of second - class house markets accord with the will of the people and the general trend .
the new system will be able to greatly help check the corrosive phenomena arising in the distribution of houses , improve the people 's living conditions , and facilitate the development of the building industry , which is a pillar industry of the national economy .
the financial , taxation , and banking reform advance steadily last year , the reform work in the financial , taxation , and banking sectors advanced steadily .
in june last year , the state once again cut banking institutions ' deposit and credit interest rates ; it was the seventh time to cut interest rates after 1996 .
in november , the state began collecting income taxes on individual deposit interests with a tax rate of 20 percent .
at the same time , the restoration of interest taxes may help promote consumption and readjust distribution , so that the state will find it convenient to concentrate increasingly more financial resources to increase the salaries of the people with low - and medium - level incomes and to promote social stability .
last year , the central bank canceled the regional restrictions on the operating branches of foreign - funded banks , thus expanding foreign - funded banks ' renminbi business scale .
on the threshold of the new century , we should be more deeply aware of the fact that reform is the motivation of development .
the gigantic achievements we made in 1999 were closely related to the in - depth reform .
editor 's note : as a member of the chinese delegation , liu yuzhu , deputy director of the market department of the ministry of culture , has on many occasions participated in the negotiations on china 's accession to the wto .
if the government manages and guides them properly , they will bring considerable benefits to the vast number of cultural consumers , to the investors engaged in cultural production and operation activities , and to the country 's economic construction .
the social system and ideology of the united states and other western countries are different from ours , and there is a great disparity in the cultural understanding and management between them and ourselves .
the management means and methods adopted by the chinese government differ a great deal from those of the western countries , which also clash with the wto 's rules .
now if we revise and abandon the original effective management means that we have been familiar with and learn the new rules with which we are unfamiliar , it will lead to the conflicts in understanding and the problem that the actual results of management do not come up to people 's expectations .
the negative impacts on china 's fine national culture .
there will be a rising trend and demand for foreign cultural programs in domestic markets not only in quantity but also in quality , as more cultural consumers will have a weakness for them .
these cultural programs that gain access to china , on one hand , suit people 's consumption requirements for diversified culture , but on the other hand have a potential impact on the traditional national culture , which will bring new challenges to the protection and development of our national culture .
the pressure on the existence of china 's cultural production units .
given our advantages of possessing cultural resources and being the host country , it is rather difficult for our cultural production units to change the inferior position to superior position , and continue to grow and expand to be still more superior in the short term .
the opportunities exist objectively the benefits of helping people to once again realize the nature , functions , and effect of the cultural industry and cultural markets , and promoting the change of their concepts and the emancipation of their minds .
the acceleration of the process of cultural institutional building . in china , the management of cultural undertakings mainly depends on policy appeals and administrative measures , and lacks legal means to guide and protect the smooth progress of cultural building and cultural activities .
only by refusing to be committed to renouncing the use of force against taiwan will it be possible to ensure taiwan 's lasting security historically , since ancient times taiwan has been an inalienable part of china , and taiwan has never changed its character of being part of china .
in terms of its geographical location , taiwan is next to the pacific ocean in the east , faces the mainland of the motherland across the taiwan strait in the west , and borders on the bashi channel in the south , being called the " fence for seven provinces " since ancient times .
the possession of taiwan , a strategically important maritime location , is critical to china 's national security .
in history , taiwan was occupied by spain , holland , and japan , respectively , and was later also used by the united states as an " unsinkable aircraft carrier . "
every time there was a breakup of china 's territory in a context of incessant warfare , china would be invaded by foreign forces ; meanwhile , several episodes of thriving development in the history of the chinese nation have all been achieved under the precondition of national unification .
a failure for taiwan to return to the embrace of the motherland will provide an exploitable opportunity for foreign intervention , a situation which will seriously threaten taiwan 's security and harm the interest of all the people of china , including taiwan compatriots .
this is one of the fundamental reasons why the government of the motherland has refused to commit itself to renouncing the use of force , while persisting in using the principles of " peaceful unification and one country , two systems " for resolving the question of taiwan .
only by returning to the embrace of the motherland at an early date will taiwan be able to have the most reliable guarantee for its security .
by committing itself to renouncing the use of force , the chinese government will no longer be able to suppress and deter attempts by " taiwan independent " forces and foreign anti - china forces to break up china .
if the government of the motherland commits itself to renouncing the use of force , " taiwan independence " forces will brazenly collude with foreign intervention forces in an effort to break up china . on the other hand , the taiwan authorities are doing everything possible to militarily confront and resist the mainland .
taiwan 's military is the taiwan authorities ' important pillar and tool for maintaining the rule of the taiwan authorities .
to achieve their evil goal of " taiwan independence , " the taiwan authorities have adopted various measures to enhance the construction of taiwan 's military .
the purpose of these military activities carried out by the taiwan authorities has been to militarily resist the mainland , peace , and unification .
any attempt by foreign or domestic forces to break up china will be doomed to failure . "
in terms of action , li has been indulgent toward and supported splittist forces advocating " taiwan independence " and their activities , resulting in the rapid development of " taiwan independence " forces and the spread of the ideological current of " taiwan independence . "
under the direction of li denghui , the taiwan authorities have adopted a series of actual splittist steps .
in the diplomatic sphere , the taiwan authorities have been carrying out so - called " pragmatic diplomacy " and " money diplomacy " in a big way , in an attempt to broaden taiwan 's so - called " international space for survival " and to create a situation of " two chinas . "
by continuing to follow this self - deceptive approach designed to deceive others , li denghui and the taiwan authorities will only end up walking in circles inside the " blind alley , " getting blooded by bumping into walls , and destroying themselves .
it is necessary to adhere to the principles of " peaceful unification and one country , two systems , " while refusing to be committed to renouncing the use of force , so that the taiwan authorities will be subject to deterring effects and have to think twice , while feeling that there is a way out .
any deterioration of the political and economic environment will bring disastrous consequences to taiwan 's economy .
the announcement of li denghui 's " two - state doctrine " has created a taiwan strait crisis and resulted in popular uneasiness in taiwan , drastic declines in stock prices , and large capital outflows , thereby directly affecting taiwan 's normal economic order and social stability .
only by being based on ties to the mainland of the motherland as in the cases of hong kong and macao will it be possible for taiwan to provide favorable guarantees for its economic development .
the unification of the motherland is in the fundamental interest of taiwan compatriots , and the refusal of the government and people of china to be committed to renouncing the use of force against taiwan is an important condition and guarantee for successfully realizing this fundamental interest of taiwan compatriots .
this is in the fundamental interest of the people on both sides of the strait , including taiwan compatriots .
therefore , the government and people of china firmly upholds the policy of refusing to be committed to renouncing the use of force against taiwan , in an effort to seek an early return of taiwan to the embrace of the motherland .
beijing , 24 february - - faced with a large - scale influx of foreign capital into china 's cable tv network , a relevant person of the state administration of radio , movie , and television , stated : " all shall be temporarily suspended pending the introduction of policies . "
as for the existing relations of cooperation , the relations of interests shall be considered . he disclosed : the relevant ministries and commissions of the state council are still discussing the policies concerned and have yet to decide on when to introduce the specific policies .
however , some listed companies in hong kong still continued their business talks on investing in the hinterland cable network business at that time , believing that the policy had little to do with them .
as for the distribution networks , the departments in charge of radio , movie , and television affairs shall build relatively comprehensive networks for special uses , namely , no two - way innovation projects for cable tv networks shall be built for the time being for the purpose of providing telecommunication services .
wu jichuan , state minister of information industry , the other day disclosed to zhongguo xinwen she that several decrees are still being formulated , including " regulations for managing foreign investment in telecommunication service trade " and " regulations for managing computer networks and information security . "
by the end of 1999 , china had built cable tv transmission networks stretching for nearly 2.5 million km , boasting nearly 100 million clients , and ranking first in the world , with some 14 provinces and cities connecting themselves to a national cable tv network .
the issuance of the white paper has evoked strong repercussions in the taiwan community and shocked taiwan 's political circles .
the white paper imposes a restriction , urging taiwan to hold a dialogue and talks with the mainland within the framework of one china , and releases a strong message , " there will be no peace without the one china principle across the strait . "
it is aimed at the tricks and means played by li teng - hui and other " taiwan independence " forces that attempt to bypass the forms of " declaring taiwan independence " to attain their objective of realizing " taiwan independence " in reality .
in order to evade the white paper , the chen shui - bian camp attempted to lessen the attack of the white paper against chen , saying that the contents of the white paper do not target chen alone .
this is indeed a clumsy denial that has resulted in self - exposure .
at the forum to mark the fifth anniversary of jiang zemin 's 8 - point proposal , vice premier qian qichen warned that " taiwan independence " was tantamount to war across the taiwan straits .
taiwan 's splittist forces should not play with fire that may burn them .
the white paper that expresses china 's determination against separation and to realize reunification clearly targets li teng - hui and chen shui - bian .
chen shui - bian also promised his voters : we will uphold taiwan 's " sovereign independence , " not allow china to " annex " taiwan , and safeguard peace across the taiwan straits ; and there will be no more wars in taiwan . this again is deceptive talk .
if chen shui - bian 's dream of " taiwan independence " is realized , he will throw taiwan into catastrophe .
taiwan compatriots , who have a glorious tradition of patriotism , are against separation and " taiwan independence . "
for the sake of the fundamental interests of the compatriots across the strait and on the question of right and wrong related to taiwan 's future , it is believed that taiwan compatriots will make a correct choice conducive to reunification of the motherland .
beijing , 24 feb ( ta kung pao ) - - the negotiations between china and the european union (eu) on china 's accession to the world trade organization (wto) have ended this afternoon .
in the view of experts here , the 15 - member eu has outstripped the united states in terms of gross domestic product and commercial capability .
zhu rongji positively assessed the momentum of development in bilateral relations in recent years .
over the past year , the npc standing committee examined and deliberated 30 draft laws and adopted 19 of them , fulfilling in the main the annual plan for legislation .
to meet the need of the continuous development of reform , opening up and modernization drive , the npc standing committee timely made revisions on related laws , such as the income tax law , the highway law , the criminal law and the company law .
as a result , those laws have become more suitable to objective reality and can play more active roles in regulating social and economic activities .
last year , attention was also paid to ensuring the impartiality of various departments and the work of drafting laws by special committees was further improved .
people of various circles have expressed their opinion that the members of the npc standing committee have attached greater importance to supervision and practical results and have gone down to the grassroots level without pomp .
the standing committees of people 's congresses at various local levels also gave full play to their supervisory roles , had the courage of exploring truth , and gained numerous experiences in supervising individual cases and evaluating and redressing erroneous cases .
the npc standing committee has paid good attention to those experiences .
this is a situation that warrants our great attention .
the incident , which occurred on 25 april last year when " falungong " practitioners illegally gathered around the zhongnanhai , is something that merits special attention .
therefore , it still is an urgent task to strengthen education on the scientific spirit .
a book entitled " mao zedong , deng xiaoping , and jiang zemin on ideological and political work " was published recently . the contents of the book have fully embodied , in a systematic manner , expositions of the leading leaderships of the three generations on ideological and political work .
among these problems and contradictions , the most outstanding one is this : the condition of spiritual civilization in our society still cannot meet the need of the drive of reform and opening up as well as the construction of the market economy .
being unable to stand the tests under the new situation , a small number of people have wavered in their ideals , faith , and sense of values .
this is the reason deputies and representatives to the current " two sessions " show their special concern about the construction of spiritual civilization .
cao yaqin , a falungong practitioner , changed his mind many times but ended up refusing to come to his senses on the question of falungong .
zhang xiaozhen , former head of the economic police unit of the public security department of the jinxi machinery plant , had been a falungong practitioner . to educate and help him , the plant party committee arranged to have him work on night shifts .
zhang , who had stayed home after being dismissed from his work and encountered economic difficulties , was deeply moved . he pledged of his own accord to completely break away from falungong and return to the correct position on the side of the party and the people .
many prefectures , counties , and units in shanxi province have instituted a system of responsibility at every level for educating and transforming falungong practitioners .
grass - roots organizations in fenxi county instituted a system of responsibility for converting falungong practitioners . the county set up a network for helping and educating falungong practitioners . lin yuping , secretary of the zuoquan county party committee , contracted to help and convert several falungong practitioners .
du litao , a student of the 9752 class of the computer science and engineering department at the taiyuan heavy machinery college , began to practice falungong in 1996 out of curiosity .
after his return to the college , the college party committee continued to educate and help him , insisting on chatting with him once every week .
li lanqing said emphatically that general secretary jiang zemin takes education very seriously , so we must conscientiously study and put into practice his important instructions on intensifying and improving the education work and correctly guiding and helping young students in their healthy growth and their all - round development in morality , intelligence , physique , and aesthetics .
it is necessary to guide the schools and teachers in carrying out the education on quality through their teaching materials , teaching programs , teaching methods , teaching means , appraisal by examination , and other contents and methods .
the surroundings of schools must be seriously renovated . the schools and pertinent departments must take a clear - cut stand to oppose the unhealthy trends and evil practices among the students so that schools will become places filled with the atmosphere of devoted study to make progress under good discipline .
they must seriously set right the situation in some places where the students ' burdens of lessons are too heavy and their psychological pressures are too large to be tolerated .
li lanqing said : education is a systems engineering , and the education at school , at home , and in society are the three major pillars of education , which call for all social sectors to create a good environment for the healthy growth of the adolescents with concerted efforts .
li lanqing also made important suggestions on how to accelerate the existing educational structural reform and adjustment , enhance the quality of the teachers , achieve a diversified educational structure at multiple levels , and intensify the building of a contingent of teachers .
comrades in charge of pertinent sections including xu rongkai , zhang zhixin , and zhang baoqing also accompanied li lanqing in his inspection .
a batch of battleships , aircraft , land weapons , precision - guidance missiles , and electronic telecommunications equipment of advanced performance has been successfully developed and used to equip our troops .
meanwhile , breakthroughs have also been made in the project of manned space flight .
our study and research of high technologies has successfully shortened our gap with the world 's advanced level , and has provided both a technological source and a strong driving force for efforts to accelerate the weaponry modernization of our army .
the presentation and distribution ceremony was presided over by li jinai , political commissar of the general weaponry department .
changsha , 25 february ( xinhua ) - - yiyang city 's heshan district people 's court made a judgement days ago , sentencing cai youwei , former deputy director of the flood prevention office under the yiyang water resources and hydropower bureau , to 10 years in prison for embezzling flood prevention funds .
from october 1993 to november 1997 , cai youwei , individually or together with others , embezzled money by hiding income and making false reports of expenditures . he made such offenses five times and embezzled 29,000 yuan .
as of 7 january this year , the heshan people 's court has concluded trials and examinations in the cases and also sentenced cao lilin , liu guming , and jiang lianke to set terms of imprisonment .
luo gan said : in strengthening the construction of the grassroots contingent of judicial , procuratorial , and public security personnel , we should focus on the following five aspects : first , it is necessary to conscientiously strengthen the construction of the leading groups of grassroots judicial , procuratorial , and public security personnel .
in accordance with the plan made by the cpc central committee , we should do a good job in conducting the " three stresses " campaign among the leading groups of people 's courts , people 's procuratorates , and public security departments at the county level .
third , we should set a rigid requirement for recruiting judicial , procuratorial , and public security personnel and help those who are not suitable for their work to leave .
we should carry out a special task to reform organizations and consolidate those people who have not been recruited in accordance with regulations and who are not suitable for their jobs . in this way , we can continuously strengthen the invigoration and fighting capacity of the contingent of judicial , procuratorial , and public security personnel .
fourth , we should continue to carry out the " civilization promotion " activities and promote law enforcement with justice .
fifth , we should run the party strictly . we should conscientiously strengthen the construction of grassroots party organizations and bring into full play the model and leading role of party members .
luo gan emphatically said : party committees , governments , as well as judicial , procuratorial , and public security departments at all levels should put the work high on their agenda . they should conscientiously strengthen their leadership .
members of the central commission of political science and law , including xiao yang , han zhubin , jia chunwang , xu yongyao , gao changli , zhou ziyu , and wang shengjun , attended the meeting .
responsible comrades of the supreme people 's court , the supreme people 's procuratorate , the ministry of public security , and the ministry of justice spoke at the meeting . they explained their own systems ' plans for strengthening the construction in this aspect .
also around that time , chen haiyan and others fraudulently obtained business registrations by false capital investment to successively set up in xiangtan and shenzhen phantom companies such as the dayang limited - liability company and dayang industrial company and then contracted for the xiangtan yuhu trading company .
you must have dayang in mind , show concern for dayang , and care for dayang . " he also assigned rigid profit targets to the private companies under their charge to encourage and support their serving the interest of the private companies by various means at the expense of the xwcgc .
in name , the " dayang company " paid no salary to these so - called " life senior staff members ; " in reality , it deposited their salaries into their special personal accumulation fund accounts .
in addition , the xwcgc bore the " dayang company 's " loan interest losses totaling over 850,000 yuan .
to change these companies into " joint - venture " or " cooperative " enterprises overnight , his gang cheated intermediary institutions by providing false financial information and proceeded to obtain business registrations by fraud .
draw lessons from bitter experience that stimulates deep thought chen haiyan 's gang did great damage to the xwcgc 's production and operation as well as social stability with their premeditated , organized , planned , and wanton transferring and embezzlement of state - owned assets .
through the voluminous archival materials , the course of decline and bitter lesson of the xwcgc stimulate deep thought .
lesson no. 1 : it is a long - term , arduous task to reform soes .
in 1993 , the xwcgc leaders then wanted to introduce foreign capital on the occasion of putting its electromagnetic wire branch factory into full - scale production .
in the absence of in - depth investigation and study , they simply listened to chen haiyan 's sweet talk and blindly believed him and then rashly reached a final decision to close the deal .
yet , the xwcgc leaders , whose brains were muddled with eagerness for quick success and instant benefit , still decided to contract for the operation of this joint - venture enterprise and entrusted chen haiyan , who had long left the xwcgc , with the powers for operation and management .
the xwcgc case has sounded the alarm once again for us .
jiang zemin was very happy to see the economic development , urban construction , and the tremendous changes in the people 's material and cultural life in shenzhen .
jiang zemin pointed out that after carrying out reform and opening up in the past 20 years and more , tremendous achievements have been made in the economic and social development of our country and the people 's living standard has been remarkably improved .
the reason for doing so is to encourage all the people of the country to bravely forge ahead along the correct road of reform , opening up and socialist modernization , and to realize the magnificent goal of the cross - century development of our country .
on 22 february , jiang zemin went deep into nanling village of buji town , longgang district , shenzhen city , and had an informal discussion on party building at the grass - roots level with members of the party branch and party - member representatives of the villagers .
during his inspection tour , jiang zemin came to the shenzhen city high - tech industry park , listened to reports on the development of the high - tech industries in shenzhen city , and went to see exhibits of high - tech products .
at that time , china was in a miserable state of political darkness , and turmoil and the chaos of war , and the chinese had no means of livelihood . it was totally impossible for china to catch up with the advanced current of the world 's science and technology development .
the socialist china of today certainly has the conditions and ability to catch up with the advanced current of the development of the world 's science and technology and to bring about greater development of the chinese nation .
the conditions of the eastern region are relatively better and this region should strive to basically realize socialist modernization first and make greater contribution to building socialism with chinese characteristics .
in this sense , our tasks of promoting reform , opening up and modernization are even more formidable .
speaking about the implementation of the strategy for the general development of the western region , jiang zemin said that speeding up the development of the central and western regions is an important policy - decision made by the party central committee to promote the cross - century development of our country .
the strategy for the general development of the western region will also inevitably provide more opportunities for the development of the eastern region , and the eastern region can make fuller use of the resources and market of the western region to promote its own development .
party committees and governments at all levels must earnestly and properly grasp the building of the spiritual civilization while persistently taking economic construction as the center , and continue to obtain excellent results in the building of both the material civilization and the socialist spiritual civilization .
if management is properly carried out and the rule of law is strengthened , loopholes for violations of law and crimes will be plugged . meting out punishment according to law for those who have violated law and discipline will serve to warn and educate the broad masses of cadres and people .
it is necessary to step up ideological and political education for leading cadres at all levels .
with the development of the economy and the improvement in livelihood , leading cadres still have to maintain the fine style of working hard and perseveringly .
all communists , especially leading cadres , must be loyal and devoted , and work hard for the party and the people without being upset by criticism . with such a spirit , one will certainly be able to make achievements in work .
jiang zemin fully affirmed the guangzhou military region for comprehensively strengthening army building and for satisfactorily fulfilling various important tasks assigned by the party central committee and the cmc .
participants in the forum pointed out that the one - china principle is the foundation for the cross - strait peaceful reunification as well as the cornerstone of cross - strait economic and trade development .
the chinese government and people did not , do not , and will not compromise and change in this issue , nor allow anyone to challenge the one - china principle .
yu xiaosong maintained that along with the smooth return of hong kong and macao to the motherland , the cross - strait relations have entered a new stage and face a major opportunity of development while entering the new millennium .
this has also showed the chinese government 's determination to persistently implement the principles of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " and chairman jiang zemin 's eight proposals and to promote the sound development of the cross - strait relations under the one - china principle .
economic and trade contacts and exchanges between the two sides of the straits have opened more markets and opportunities for the further development of taiwan 's economy . the mainland china has already become one of the most essential trade partners of taiwan and the biggest market of taiwan 's products .
this has been shown by the data of the direct trade transactions between the two sides over the past five years .
while accelerating the pace of entering the world trade organization , the mainland china will further open its markets , expand its investment reach , and improve its investment environment . as a result , taiwan compatriots will face a huge market filled with boundless business opportunities and development potentials .
the two sides exchanged in a deep - going way views on how to further develop the ties between the two countries and reached an extensive common understanding .
at the turn of the century , general secretary jiang zemin and general secretary le kha phieu set a framework for relations oriented toward the 21 st century and characterized by " long - term stability , future orientation , good - neighborliness , and all - around cooperation , thus marking a new era for bilateral relations .
tang jiaxuan said : at the beginning of this year , the chinese and vietnamese peoples solemnly celebrated the 50 th anniversary of the establishment of bilateral diplomatic ties .
nguyen dy nien said : vietnam and china are friendly socialist neighbors who are linked by common mountains and rivers .
the peoples of the two countries have showed mutual empathy and support throughout the long - term revolutionary struggle .
the vietnamese communist party , government , and people will never forget the tremendous support and assistance provided by the chinese communist party , government , and people .
the " china - vietnam land border treaty " formally signed by the two countries on 30 december 1999 is of great historic significance .
the two sides also extensively exchanged opinions on international and regional issues of common concern .
what do the people 's congress and its standing committee supervise ?
in a nutshell , they supervise the enforcement of the constitution and laws and the work of the " government , the people 's procuratorate , and the people 's court . "
based on the content , the supervision includes legal supervision and work supervision .
president jiang 's inspection in guangdong will propel guangdong to move up to a new stage in the undertaking of opening up and reform and the building of socialist modernization , and take a bigger step forward on the path of progress .
president jiang emphasized : the key to handling well the affairs in china lies in the communist party , and in the ideology , style , organization , discipline situation , capacity to struggle , and the level of the leadership of the party .
the " three stresses " education is still the core of the main emphases in the work of party building this year , and the party committees at all levels must make conscientious efforts to implement the education .
he urged the cadres to be honest in performing their official duties , work diligently in defiance of difficulties , be upright , work honestly and sincerely , and serve the people wholeheartedly .
this year marks the 20 th anniversary of the establishment of the special economic zones in china .
the instruction of deng xiaoping says the correct line , principles , and policies regarding the reform and opening up and modernization formulated by our party is the fundamental guarantee for bringing about rapid economic and social development of our country .
president jiang is very interested in and attaches great importance to the adjustment of the economic structure and the development of the industry of high new technology . he inspected some enterprises in shenzhen , and watched the exhibition of products of high new technology .
however , it was utterly impossible for china , overwhelmed by a dark political situation and turmoil and chaos of war , with the masses living in dire poverty and in a miserable state , to catch up with the advanced trend of developing science and technology in the world .
nowadays , at the dawn of the 21 st century , regardless of the look of china , or the economic and social life of the world , there have been great changes of historic significance in comparison with the situation 100 years ago .
after the chinese government published a white paper on the taiwan issue , there has been a noise from across the great ocean that is against china 's resorting to force against taiwan to accomplish the great cause of reunifying the motherland when it has no other choice .
after the white paper was published , spokesman for the us state department rubin indicated , " we reject the use of force or the threat of force as a way of settling the taiwan issue . "
that this issue has dragged on for a half century and remained unresolved precisely is the result of intervention by foreign forces including the united states .
all this has fed lee teng - hui [ li teng - hui ] and pro - taiwan independence forces ' arrogance of splitting the motherland and constituted a major root of tensions in the taiwan strait .
in the meantime , however , china cannot but get well - prepared for settling the taiwan issue in a non - peaceful way .
the chinese government and people have all along been uncompromising and lived up to their word on such major issues of principle as defending state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the us government 's professing of rejection of the use of force or threat of force against taiwan is just like a war monger reciting " peace scriptures . "
the united states has showed off its military prowess around the world and has at every turn used force or threatened to use force , playing the bully and interfering in the internal affairs of other countries .
last year it unleashed violent strikes in kosovo , wantonly and indiscriminately bombing the federal republic of yugoslavia for more than 70 days .
the common people of iraq may become victims of us warplanes practically any day .
at a time when there is a possibility that china would use force to defend its state sovereignty and territorial integrity , under circumstances essentially different from those when the united states resorts to force , the united states has come out to obstruct unreasonably , making its hegemonist features all too clear .
the taiwan issue is an internal affair of china ; if the united states insists on intervening in it , sino - us relations certainly will suffer a serious setback and the chinese government and people will have to steel themselves to take on the united states right to the end .
in bringing about reunification of the motherland lie the chinese nation 's overall interests , major principle , and cardinal principles of righteousness .
mr. sun yat - sen [ sun zhongshan ] once said : " unification is the hope for all the people of china .
if we can unify , the whole nation will live in ease and comfort ; if we cannot , the whole nation will live in misery . "
no force on earth can stop the chinese people from accomplishing the great cause of reunifying their motherland and they will surely achieve the magnificent goal of bringing about national reunification .
by adhering to the principle of " persistently building both material and spiritual civilizations and attaching equal importance to both , " zhangjiagang city has launched extensively various activities of building the spiritual civilization , and remarkable success has achieved in this regard .
in zhangjiagang on 23 february , li peng listened to the work reports on jiangsu province , suzhou city , and zhangjiagang city , and held a forum to discuss with the responsible comrades in the province and cities on the situation of implementing the " three stresses " education .
he first explained in an all - round way the necessity , importance , and urgency of the " three stresses " education .
li peng pointed out : it is necessary to implement in an all - round way the demands of the central authorities regarding the implementation of the " three stresses " education in counties ( cities ) , and resolve the outstanding problems existing in the party character and party style .
comrade jiang zemin said : " the three stresses on learning , politics , and healthy trends are closely linked and mutually unified , and the core lies in the stress of politics . "
it is necessary to formulate plans and measures of rectification and reform , and make conscientious efforts to implement various measures of rectification and reform .
rectification and reform should not be postponed and conducted at the last stage , instead , it is necessary to closely integrate rectification and reform with the reality of the work , learning while conducting reforms , and rectifying while conducting reforms .
from 22 to 25 february , accompanied by hui liangyu , secretary of the jiangsu provincial cpc committee , chen huanyou , chairman of the jiangsu provincial people 's congress standing committee , and governor ji yunshi , li peng successively went to jiangyang , zhangjiagang , and wuxi cities to conduct inspections .
he went deeply into enterprises and rural areas to understand the development situation , and listen to opinions and suggestions .
li peng pointed out : after more than 20 years of engaging in the reform and opening up , various localities throughout the country have made considerable progress of different degrees in terms of the economic level .
this is an issue concerned with by the party central committee and the people throughout the nation , and one of the important topics on the agenda of the upcoming third session of the ninth npc .
in jiangyang city 's huaxi village , li peng learned about the current economic development situation in this village , and talked cordially with the villagers at their homes .
it is necessary to continue consolidating agriculture 's place of being the basis , and seize favorable opportunities to accelerate the agricultural structural adjustment by closely centering around the issue of increasing peasants ' revenues .
li peng fully affirmed jiangsu 's achievements made in the recent years in such aspects as water conservancy , communications , other infrastructural constructions , environmental protection , and the building of spiritual civilization .
he said : the third session of the ninth npc is a great event of the political life in china at the turn of the century .
if a country 's sovereignty and territorial integrity are infringed upon or carved up , its fate will only be trampled upon at will by others and it will be bullied and humiliated by others .
this was the most heartfelt lesson for the chinese nation in modern history since the opium war .
jiang dianming pointed out : history has repeatedly proven that the stand of the cpc and the chinese government on adhering to the principle of one china will never change .
during that period , the chinese government repeatedly asked the united nations to change this illegitimate and unreasonable situation and restore the legitimate rights of prc in the united nations .
in recent years , lee teng - hui [ li teng - hui ] has constantly advocated " two chinas " and other fallacies and openly carried out splitting activities .
choosing " taiwan independence " means choosing war and undermining the principle of one china and will endanger the prospect of peaceful reunification .
we hope and believe the broad masses of compatriots in taiwan can see through the untruthful lies of politicians , who advocate " taiwan independence , " distinguish between right and wrong , and make their wise choice .
wei jianxing pointed out : the party central committee attaches great importance to making the " three stresses " education a success .
during his stay in jinzhou city , wei jianxing conducted an investigation and study on the work of improving the party style , building a clean and honest government and combating corruption .
wei jianxing held a discussion with the township ( town ) leading cadres of beining city and listened to their views on how to improve the party style and promote ethical integrity in the leading groups of township ( town ) party committees and among township ( town ) leading cadres .
generally speaking , the great majority of township ( town ) leading cadres are good , diligent , honest in performing official duties and working hard regardless of criticism ; and they have made important contributions to the development of the various rural undertakings .
for this reason , while we are focusing on improving the party style and the ethical integrity among the leading cadres at and above the county ( department ) level , we must also seriously solve the conspicuous problems existing among the grassroots cadres , particularly the township ( town ) leading cadres .
he called on the township ( town ) leading cadres to strictly exercise self - discipline , work diligently for the people , and make new contributions to building a new countryside .
during those inspection tours and meetings , he was accompanied separately by wen shizhen , secretary of the liaoning provincial party committee ; zhang guoguang , governor of liaoning province ; sun chunlan , deputy secretary of the provincial party committee ; and wang weizong and wang dongming , members of the standing committee of the provincial party committee .
beijing , 26 feb ( xinhua ) - - in answering a question raised by a reporter here today , foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao refuted the accusation on the human rights situation in china made in the 1999 " human rights report " by the us state department .
zhu bangzao answered : the chinese government has consistently respected the universal principles on human rights and actively worked to promote and protect the human rights and fundamental freedom of the people in line with the national conditions of china .
after long - term and unremitting efforts , the human rights and basic freedom enjoyed by the chinese people have been upgraded to an unprecedented historical level . this is a fact known to all .
to such an action of the united states , china expresses its strong displeasure and firm opposition [ qiang lie bu man he jian jue fan dui 1730 3525 0008 3341 0735 1017 0414 0646 1417 ] .
he then pointed out : shifang city has advanced in the van of the province in some work of economic and social development these years . in conducting the " three stresses " education , attention should be paid first to overcoming " complacency and then to persisting in setting high and strict demands on oneself .
it is necessary to use the experiences of provinces and ministries in carrying out " three stresses " education as reference and to work creatively according to the realities of the city .
while visiting the qingquan group in sichuan , an enterprise practicing the cooperative shares system , he learned of the beneficial results achieved by the enterprise by changing to the production of miscellaneous goods , such as curtain and clothes rods ; he gladly said : miscellaneous goods can also take over a big market .
at lingquan village under shifang city 's yuanshi town , hu jintao enthusiastically heard peasant li shugui 's briefing on how his family had become rich by raising chickens in a scientific way and spurred other people nearby to do the same .
hu jintao said to the cadres on the scene : this proves that when we help peasants enhance their awareness of the market , grasp and apply science and technology , and readjust the agricultural structure , they will be able to get into a position with broad prospects .
at chengdu 's pioneer garden set up by returned personnel who had studied abroad , hu jintao attentively acquainted himself with the situation in which such personnel had started undertakings ; he viewed the achievements on display and asked them what other assistance they still needed from the government .
he stressed once again : economic development cannot be made without science and technology , and new and high - tech industries cannot develop without talented people .
shortly before the end of his inspection , hu jintao heard the work briefings by the sichuan provincial cpc committee and the provincial government and made a speech .
the whole party should fully understand the economic and political as well as the immediate and long - term significance of this policy decision .
in conclusion , hu jintao pointed out : sichuan is now faced with a new situation and new opportunities in development , and leading bodies and leading cadres at various levels are also confronted with new , arduous tasks and rigorous tests .
we should profoundly grasp these remarks and conscientiously carry them out .
the standing committee has also examined the draft legislation law .
in line with the needs continuously emerged from the course of development of reform , opening up , and modernization drive , the npc and its standing committee revised laws with good timing , thus making the laws better fit into the objective reality and play a stronger role in setting up norms for social life .
the other characteristic of the legislative work of the npc standing committee in the past year was to bring the explanations of laws into the agenda of the standing committee meetings .
besides explaining the regulations related to the basic law of the hong kong special administrative region , the npc standing committee also examined the draft explanation related to the criminal law .
over the past year or so , the leading cadres above the navy 's division level presented more than 300 theses in connection with the topic research , of which all were exchanged at the cadre theoretical study classes or in the study of the central teams of the party committees .
the move to introduce theoretical study topics and genuinely integrate theory with practice has vigorously promoted nnvy building in an all - round way .
beijing , 27 february ( xinhua ) - - the eighth session of the standing committee of the national committee of the ninth chinese people 's political consultative conference (cppcc) has adopted a decision on revising parts of the constitution of the cppcc .
beijing , 27 february ( xinhua ) - - the eighth standing committee meeting of the ninth national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] was held today in beijing .
li ruihuan , standing committee member of the central political bureau and chairman of the cppcc national committee , attended the meeting .
ye xuanping , vice chairman of the cppcc national committee , chaired the meeting this morning .
the meeting first approved the agenda of the standing committee meeting ; the decision on convening the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee ; the decision on revising the regulations of the cppcc national committee ; and the decision on resuming making a report on the motions work at the opening meeting of the cppcc plenary session .
before the meeting began , attendees of the meeting expressed profound condolences to hou jie , a standing committee member who passed away after the seventh standing committee .
i hope that all of you can conscientiously fulfill your duties , stick to principles , improve work systems , remain clean and self - disciplined , and work hard to fulfill the glorious tasks entrusted by the party central committee with a highly developed sense of political responsibility and mission .
wu bangguo noted : under the leadership of the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core and thanks to the unremitting efforts of the whole party , the entire country , and the vast numbers of enterprise cadres and workers , the reform and development of state enterprises have attained remarkable results .
throughout the country , 26 provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities have attained better economic results than they did last year .
secondly , the " decision " of the fourth plenary session of the 15 th cpc central committee has further unified the thinking of the whole party .
we should constantly improve the work contents and the activity forms of party organizations in enterprises , and explore better ways and methods for giving play to their role as a political core .
the building of a sound party work style and a clean administration in state enterprises should be closely combined with the work of investigating and handling major and serious cases , and should run through all management systems of an enterprise .
strengthening the effective supervision of state enterprises and ensuring that the value of state assets is preserved and increased is a major content of the establishment of a modern enterprise system , and also a realistic issue that we are facing today .
the present year is the final year for the fulfillment of the three - year target for the reform and the difficulty - relief work of state enterprises , stressed wu bangguo .
the fulfillment of this target is the essential among essentials in this year 's economic work .
the key state enterprises directly under the control of the central authorities are the vanguards of state enterprises , and a major pillar of the state economy .
this is not just an economic issue , but a major political issue as well .
secondly , we should quicken the pace of structural readjustment and the restructuring of enterprises .
key state enterprises should take an active part in the large - scale development of the country 's western region , and make due contribution to the development of the western region .
third , we should take active steps to promote the building of a modern enterprise system .
it is important to standardize the policy - making procedure of enterprises , and enhance their level of making scientific policy decisions .
fourth , we should take earnest steps to ensure the stability of enterprises , and see to a successful fulfillment of the target of " two ensures . "
we should give full rein to the role of grass - roots party branches as a powerful fighting force , and to the exemplary vanguard role of party members .
leading cadres are required to set an example with their own conduct ; and take the initiative to show concern for , and to help resolve , the practical problems that are currently faced by workers living in straitened circumstances and by retired personnel .
wu bangguo also urged the cwce to work hard and turn itself into a work organ which is honest and diligent in performing its official duties , aims to attain tangible results with a high efficiency , and dares to forge ahead in a pioneering spirit ; and which is trusted by the central authorities and welcomed by enterprises .
public opinion generally maintained : it stands to reason that the white paper was released prior to taiwan 's general election , which will be held in mid - march this year .
encouraged by the united states , lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] dished up the " two - state theory " in support of " taiwan independence " in a flagrant way and in an attempt to separate taiwan from china forever .
following beijing 's fierce criticism , the " two - state theory , " however , finds it difficult to go anywhere in the international arena , and lee teng - hui was forced to slightly restrain his " overt independence " activities .
however , he still firmly upholds the " two - state theory . " one of lee teng - hui 's trusted followers once said with confidence that communist china will have no excuse to use force if we do not include the " two - state " theory in the constitution or declare " taiwan independence . "
under such circumstances , it is imperative for the chinese government to reiterate the " one - china " principle and the policy of " peaceful reunification , " to redefine the three prerequisites for using force for reunification , and to give a direct sharp warning to relevant figures in taiwan .
if one has a real understanding of the white paper , he should find that the theme of the white paper is still the " one china " principle and that beijing 's policy toward taiwan is still " peaceful reunification " and " one country , two systems . "
the central committees of eight democratic parties and the all - china association of industry and commerce made 63 proposals , and subcommittees put forward 26 .
as of 20 february 2000 , 3,004 proposals had been handled , and replies given to their respective sponsors , accounting for 96.3 percent of the total number of proposals made .
according to briefings , under the leadership of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee , various special committees have given priority to studying and investigating actual conditions and setting forth their views with the focus on the central tasks and striven to raise the level of their research on special topics .
besides , the cultural and historical data committee and the foreign affairs committee have also done a lot of work within the limits of their functions .
the main tasks include beautifying the living environment , maintaining public order , enriching people 's cultural and sports life , disseminating scientific knowledge , promoting community service , and cementing closer interpersonal ties .
liu yunshan emphasized the need to grasp two key points in work . the first task is to develop community services .
efforts should be made to extensively launch a rich variety of cultural and sports activities and promotions of scientific knowledge that are convenient to the masses . the people should be guided to make conscious efforts to change their old customs and habits and foster healthy and civilized habits .
liu yunshan emphasized the need to do a good job in building three contingents .
in the building of these contingents , special attention should be paid to bringing into play the role of retired party members , cadres , teachers and workers as well as old labor models in conducting ideological education .
garrison units should be encouraged to share their cultural and sports grounds and facilities with members of the public while stepping up the building of community facilities .
third , persistence in making joint efforts to grasp problems and exercise management .
the role of relevant functional departments should be brought into full play and the enthusiasm of all quarters should be aroused in order to produce a combined force through their coordination and cooperation .
fourth , increased media publicity .
efforts should be made to promptly report on the progress of activities , introduce advanced experience , and increase the intensity of media supervision .
hu zhenmin , deputy director of the general office of the central guidance committee of spiritual civilization construction , chaired the conference .
it goes without saying that in this wide , wide world , every country has its particular problems and circumstances . if the united states wants to publish a " human rights report , " it should do so about its own domestic conditions .
what is strange about the us " human rights report " is that it is preceded by the word " global . " in other words , the united states wants to judge and criticize the human rights conditions of every other country in the world and even lecture and chide a given country for its human rights conditions .
more importantly , all those accusations by the us state department are pure fabrications and pure nonsense . on no account do they reflect hong kong 's real situation , where human rights and rule of law have been well protected since its reversion . those accusations can only show americans ' blind arrogance and ignorance .
and , the first spring of the new millennium was especially warm and invigorating to shenzhen 's high - and new - technology industries .
the general secretary 's caring attitude , sincere teachings , and warm encouragement greatly encouraged and stimulated shenzhen and shenzhen 's high - and new - technology industries .
several thousand zhongxing employees were expecting an important guest .
with smiles on his face , general secretary jiang cordially said to the microphone : " how are you , comrades !
the accompanying mayor of shenzhen , li zibin , mentioned : " this came from the company headquarters 20 km away . "
upon learning this , general secretary jiang nodded his head to show his appreciation .
after inquiring about the enterprise 's operation and management in a detailed manner , general secretary jiang expressed his support for the company 's proposal to conduct stock futures pilot projects within the enterprise .
there is , hou weigui reported , fierce competition for qualified personnel , the principal resource for a high - tech enterprise , without which we would have nothing , and consequently the greatest challenge presented by china 's joining of the wto to us will be competition for qualified personnel .
on his way to inspection spots , general secretary jiang mentioned to accompanying leaders that those engaged in processing and assembling were also working in high - tech areas and should , according to personnel requirements different from the past , also be " high - tech " workers .
in front of the zhongxing communications company 's mobile communication stall , general secretary jiang picked up a zhongxing 189 dual - band mobile telephone characterized by autonomous intellectual property rights ; he examined the telephone carefully and inquired about its performance and structure in a detailed manner .
general secretary jiang said : " as the development of mobile telephones is rather rapid , it is necessary to master core technologies such as chip technology as soon as possible . "
arriving at the integrated circuit stall , general secretary jiang picked up a special 0.35 - millimeter integrated circuit chip developed by the company independently , carefully examined the chip , and inquired about its sale and prices on markets at home and abroad in a detailed manner .
president hou weigui of the company said : " the cost of producing a sdh single board on the basis of using the chip developed by ourselves is less than $ 100 , but the cost will reach more than $ 2,000 if an imported chip is used .
by mastering the development and designing of chips , we will be able to cut costs significantly . "
this machine of yours , general secretary jiang said very happily , is a robot , and it is wonderful that you have been able to export automated equipment designed by yourselves .
at the huawei technology company , ltd. , base in tian , general secretary jiang excitedly viewed a modernized production line based on equipment characterized by autonomous intellectual property rights .
chairman zeng peiyan of the state planning commission mentioned that our country was now proceeding with the transformation of rural power grids .
after entering into the modern electronic home office demonstration area , general secretary jiang happily invited accompanying provincial and municipal leaders to sit down .
the company 's sales , wang zhirong reported , totaled less than 200 million yuan in 1988 but reached 700 million yuan in 1994 , and now the company 's assets total 3.66 billion yuan rmb , with last year 's sales revenues and net profits representing increases of 430 percent and 590 percent , respectively , over 1994 .
the growth of kaifa science and technology illustrated the development of shenzhen 's high - and new - technology industries in microcosm .
at zhongxing communications , hou weigui reported to the general secretary on the company 's ownership reform , operational and management reform , and internationalization development since the company 's inception in a detailed manner .
at 9:10 am on the 22 nd , general secretary jiang came to the taiwan - invested fushikang enterprise group at longhua township , baoan district . he made a drive - through inspection of the fushikang 21 st - century information science , technology , and industry park which occupied 106 square km of land .
general secretary jiang was very happy to see flowers everywhere , large numbers of trees , the orderly production areas , and the quiet and comfortable living areas in the park .
he encouraged fushikang to further expand the investment in shenzhen . if there is an investment project and plan , it is necessary to diligently pursue implementation , he said .
but the propaganda department has warned some of these providers for carrying foreign media reports .
the authorities said that it relayed last year some reports from the media in hong kong , taiwan , and overseas .
the reports were reprinted or relayed by more than 10 traditional media outlets and websites in the mainland , thus causing a negative social impacts .
internet chinese hotmail told this newspaper that it has never received from the government 's press administration any documents concerning internet news regulations .
it was learned that the press and publications administration recently published the names of more than 10 publications that had been suspended for deviating public opinion orientation and other reasons .
how should we gain a correct understanding of the issue ?
how can we reap the benefits while avoiding the pitfalls ? 1 .
the pros and cons and gains and losses in wto accession joining the wto is an inherent demand of deepening the reforms , expanding our opening up to the world , and building socialist market economy in china , and the demand of our economic development .
after joining the wto , china must carry out its obligations under wto rules and gradually open its domestic market ; this will further improve the investment environment for foreign companies and strengthen the attraction of our market for those companies , and this will help to bring in more foreign capital , technology , and management experience .
it will benefit the effort to speed up our industrial restructuring and optimization .
wto accession will create a favorable international environment for carrying out this strategic task .
it will benefit us in continuing to deepen the reforms of china 's economic setup .
the goal of reforming our economic setup is to build a socialist market economy setup , and its basic demand is to fully exploit the market competition mechanism .
it will benefit china in participating in the process of economic globalization .
in order to suit the new situation of economic globalization , we need to seek the guarantee of a stable , transparent , and predictable multilateral trade mechanism , so that we can do still better at reaping the benefits and avoiding the pitfalls and protect and strengthen ourselves in the process of economic globalization .
in joining the wto , china and the other members must strictly act in accordance with the international rules and mutually open up the markets .
this will benefit china in fully participating in international competition and cooperation and in fully exploiting our relative strong points .
at the same time , joining the wto will also benefit china in engaging in broad cooperation with multinational companies , in importing their funds , technology , and management experience , and in using their sales channels and networks to expand our exports .
of course , in joining the wto , we will both enjoy the legitimate rights and also undertake corresponding obligations , which will inevitably pose a certain degree of pressure and challenge for us .
first of all , further opening up markets will cause certain products , enterprises , and industries to face intense competition .
in opening up our market in the past , china made its own decisions on permitting market entry , reducing tariffs , and abolishing nontariff measures in accordance with the demands of economic development and the process of economic system reforms .
third , the adjudication in resolving multilateral disputes may have unfavorable consequences for us .
take a dialectical view of the pros and cons and gains and losses how should we view the pros and cons and gains and losses in china 's wto accession ?
we must view this problem in an all - round , developmental , and dialectical way ; we must stand at the overall and strategic level of reform , opening up , economic development , and modernization to analyze the pros and cons and gains and losses of china 's wto accession .
we must look at single industries and the whole of industry ; we must look at the present and also at the long term .
in analyzing the pros and cons and gains and losses of china 's wto accession , we cannot just look at one or a few industries but should focus on our entire economic development .
wto accession , however , will also hit and pressurize some domestic industries to a certain extent , such as grain in agriculture , the automobile industry , and banking and insurance in the service trades ; all these will face competition pressure from the developed countries .
from the angle of industry as a whole , wto accession will bring china 's industry more opportunities than blows , and the majority of our industries will gain more development opportunities .
wto accession is not only of positive significance for economic growth in the short term but will also have a far - reaching impact on economic development in the long term .
we must also take a dialectical view of the pros and cons and gains and losses in joining the wto .
meet the challenges , promote the prose and eliminate the cons wto accession is both an opportunity and a challenge for china , and we must seize the opportunity and meet the challenge .
we must unify our thinking , take precautions against a rainy day , work hard , and do a good job of making full preparations in all respects .
enhance understanding and unify thinking .
wto accession is a major event in the process of china 's reform , opening up , and modernization , which will have a far - reaching impact on our economic development in the new century .
all levels in the country , especially the cadres at all levels , must fully understand the strategic significance of joining the wto , and be mentally prepared for the pressure and challenges that it may bring .
all trades and sectors must study and propose targeted and practical measures in light of the wto demands and our commitments , so as to meet the wto pressure and challenges .
in accordance with the provisions of the wto " accord on agricultural produce , " we should rationally protect our domestic agricultural production and guard against and lighten the blows from agricultural imports .
we must speed up the establishment of a complete agricultural produce quality standards setup , perfect the plant and animal disease prevention standards , and strengthen the monitoring and inspection of diseases in china and abroad .
we must deepen the enterprise reforms , and build an enterprise management system and operational mechanism that meet the demands of socialist market economy , so that the enterprises will become legal entities and main players in market competition , making their own decisions on operations and taking responsibility for their own profit and loss .
we should speed up the strategic reorganization of the enterprises , form a rational economic scale , and develop a number of powerful large enterprises and consortia .
we must strengthen management , adopt modern management technique , methods , and measures , and strengthen production cost , fund , and quality controls .
at the same time , we must make rational use of the trade remedial measures permitted by the wto , such as emergency import guarantee measures and antidumping measures , to ensure the healthy and steady development of industries related to china 's economic security and major interests .
at the same time , in accordance with chinese law , we must strictly enforce the examination and approval system and strengthen supervision and control of the service trades .
fourth , strengthen the control of cultural products .
at the same time , we must strictly enforce examination and approval of the import of foreign cultural products , to prevent the intrusion of unhealthy culture .
many of the contents of the wto behavior regulations and its operational mechanisms are new to us , and we can only meet the wto 's demands by changing our concepts and mechanisms .
governing the country according to law is the basic principle for the party in leading the people to govern the country .
we must ensure that there are laws to follow , that those who violate them are prosecuted , and that laws are strictly enforced , and comprehensively raise the level of law enforcement .
at the same time we must vigorously train domestic enterprise managers , to ensure that they will become familiar with international trade regulations as soon as possible and enhance their ability to develop the international market .
observers point out : the essential difference between the readjustment to be made now and that in the past lies in the fact that a market - oriented strategy for the current readjustment has been clearly set forth .
meanwhile , people who generally live a relatively comfortable life are no longer satisfied only with enough to eat and enough to wear , and they now make higher demands on the quality of agricultural products .
as china 's accession to the world trade organization [ wto ] is approaching , china has for the first time felt the pressure of the international market agriculturally .
to solve the problem of surplus labor in rural areas , the government advocates making vigorous efforts to develop village and town enterprises as well as small cities and towns .
economists believe that this is conducive not only to the diversion of rural surplus labor and an increase in peasants ' incomes but also to bringing about the growth of demand for investment and consumption and promoting the sustained , rapid , and healthy development of the national economy .
experts forecast that china 's population will increase to 1.6 billion in the next 30 years and that it will need to increase its grain production by 30 percent if per capital annual consumption of grain is 400 kilograms .
therefore , the chinese government has required all localities to do everything possible to maintain their grain - producing ability in order to meet any possible emergency when necessary .
beijing , 28 feb ( xinhua ) - - to rapidly and correctly investigate cases of dereliction of duty , we need the vigorous cooperation and close coordination of all departments concerned .
some producers of audio - visual products can hardly subsist by merely counting on their main business , and markets selling non - pirated audio - visual products are withering .
that was a statement made by minister of culture sun jiazheng at the 14 th session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee today [ 28 february ] .
in view of the problems in the chinese markets of cultural goods , the npc standing committee met today to hear a special report prepared by the ministry of culture on the management of the markets of cultural goods .
sun jiazheng said : pirated audio - visual products come primarily from three sources : 1 ) they are smuggled into the country from the outside .
2 ) second , they are produced by the underground producers at home .
3 ) they are products produced by legitimate producers that have succumbed to the onslaught of pirated products and to the temptation of high profits .
sun jiazheng analyzed : the main causes of the chinese markets being replete with pirated audio - visual products are as follows : - - consumers ' growing needs and the inadequate supply of legitimate products have created an enormous capacity for pirated audio - visual products .
some consumers buy pirated goods because they are inexpensive . it is hard for them to reject pirated goods voluntarily .
this being the case , it is difficult to create a force that can eliminate pirated audio - visual products from all sides .
- - inefficient management and difficulty in enforcing the law .
with respect to management , it is still multilateral , especially in local areas .
different departments have different policies , which crisscross with each other laterally and vertically . in actual operations , certain illegal elements , harbored by administrators , are not punished . some administrators , under constant retaliation and threat , dare not handle the problem seriously .
all relevant departments - - the ministry of culture , the ministry of public security , the state administration of industry and commerce , the state press and publications administration , the national working group for wiping out pornography and pirated goods - - must work to address the problem together .
we must energetically compress and consolidate the areas that sell audio - visual products , and strictly crack down on unlicensed stalls and roving sellers .
the ministry of culture issued a notice in march 1999 on compressing and consolidating the nation 's 162 sites , each had at least 10 stores that sold audio - visual products . efforts are being made to cut the number in half by the end of this year . 3 .
we must continue to improve all administrative measures , streamline the administrative system , and tighten day - to - day market controls . 5 .
a sound coordination is required as concerns the concrete work arrangements of the supervision .
at the same time , they stressed the need to have a proper understanding of problems exposed in the customs ranks and to promote clean administration and combat corruption in a deepgoing manner .
in this connection , these reporters interviewed qian guanlin , director of the general administration of customs [ gac ] .
qian guanlin gave us a brief introduction to the development of the customs ranks since the national anti - smuggling work conference in july 1998 .
the customs departments will comprehensively strengthen the development of the customs ranks by laying stress on the arrangement of three anti - corruption work as determined by the central authorities .
first , to " put the customs under strict administration , " we must start with putting the officials under strict administration and strengthening the administration of and supervision over leading cadres .
second , we will center on the proper handling of our relationship with the objects of our work to conduct deepgoing education and rectification and conscientiously check unhealthy tendencies in the profession .
such malpractices will be strictly dealt with as soon as detected and there shall be absolutely no leeway for " offsetting faults against merits " or " giving the offender a second chance . "
anyone found violating the " rules for clean administration by the customs " shall be severely punished in accordance with the maximum penalty .
at the same time , he pointed out , the main problems facing china 's economy were the problems of insufficient social demand and supply , conspicuous contradictions in the irrational economic structure , slowing down in the growth of farmers ' income , and increasing pressure on labor employment .
the quality of economic operation has further improved .
the volume of losses suffered by loss - making industrial enterprises with a certain operation scale dropped by 15.2 percent .
overall investment in fixed assets has continued to maintain a growth momentum .
in 1999 social investment in fixed assets increased by 5.2 percent from the previous year , of which investment in the state - owned economy and other types of economic sectors was up 6.1 percent .
in foreign trade , the export sector has picked up .
in 1999 , total volume of exports amounted to $ 194.9 billion , up 6.1 percent from the previous or a noticeably better improvement than expected at the beginning of the year .
in the first half of 1999 , market sales were relatively dull .
total sales volume of social consumer goods throughout the year increased by 6.8 percent from the previous year , of which the increased figure in the last quarter alone was 8 percent .
although the growth rate in 1999 as a whole could not be considered high , the market had begun to show a level of activism in dynamic terms .
particularly the successful experimental flight of the " shenzhou " spaceship marked that china 's manned spaceflight cause had made an important step .
the " regulations " consist of 13 chapters with 92 articles .
the " regulations " point out : education programs run by army academies and schools are an important component part of the state 's education undertaking , and the basic means for the training of military professionals .
these " regulations " took effect on the day of promulgation .
the status of water resources has been a key factor restricting western development .
the west particularly northwest china is rich in land resources , but plagued by fragile ecological environment such as the scarcity of water resources and worsening and soil erosion problems .
therefore , water resources are the resources with most strategic significance of this region and their optimal development and utilization is significant in carrying out western development strategy .
fourthly , proceeding from a long - term point of view and consideration of overall situation , carry out cross - region and cross - valley water transfer . these four aspects come to a conclusion of handling well optimal allocation of water resources and making effort in improving level of scientific utilization of water resources .
due to unawareness of effective allocation and scientific utilization of water resources , ecological environment was destroyed by good intentions in making wrong things , from which a lesson must be drawn in the development of water resources in western china .
unrealistic enlargement of irrigation area of talimu ( tarim ) water upstream has caused excessive use of water , made the river shorten for several hundred kilometers , caused almost one - third of poplars to die , and worsened desertification on the lower reaches of the river , wang shucheng said .
the ascension of the groundwater level of the upstream has also caused salinization or alkalinization of soil .
some similar examples can be found in western china .
every province , municipality , and region will be allocated certain projects in line with special emphasis on local condition .
beijing , 28 feb ( xinhua ) - - this afternoon , lt. gen. xiong guangkai , deputy chief of general staff of the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] , met here with adm. dennis blair , commander - in - chief of the pacific command of the us armed forces .
prior to this , vice adm. shi yunsheng , commander of the navy , met with blair and his delegation .
blair 's delegation arrived in beijing yesterday afternoon for a visit at the invitation of the chinese pla general staff department .
afterward , the vice presidents signed such responsibility letters with the top leaders of the courts , departments , bureaus , and offices under their jurisdiction .
meanwhile , disciplinary penalties should be imposed on those leaders who seriously practice bureaucracy , who neglect the duty of supervising personnel , and who are directly responsible for poor management .
lax discipline and the failure to make the enforcement of laws known to the public are major enemies affecting the construction of the contingent of cadres . only by so doing will leading cadres not lag behind others and be ever victorious in the course of advancement .
under strict management and strict supervision , we will be able to forcefully carry forward justice , to vigorously check unhealthy trends , and to completely change the mental outlook of the contingent of judges .
it has been learned that , in the speech , jiang zemin again reiterated the following important principles : - - he stressed holding cross - strait talks on an equal basis under the one - china principle and did not mention " talks between the central and local authorities . "
- - after reunification , taiwan does not need to be subjected to the cpc 's leadership , and the cpc will not develop its organizations in taiwan .
the white paper fully shows the sense of urgency and mission china has in resolving the taiwan issue .
on no account must china allow the " taiwan independence " forces to do whatever they like on the island .
if the one - china principle is scrapped and taiwan is even separated from china in whatever means and with whatever forms , this will lead the two sides of the strait to the abyss of war .
this us strategy serves its global strategy designed to control the european and asian continents , prevent the rise of powers that can sit as equals at the same table with the us , and safeguard its global hegemony .
hence , with this hegemonist strategy and desire , the us views the increasingly powerful china as a major hidden strategic opponent .
the actions taken by the us and japan may possibly spark a confrontation between big powers in east asia and will thus endanger peace in the asia - pacific region and the world at large .
after the us department of defense issued a report on military strength in the taiwan strait at the beginning of last year , the us has noticeably increased arms sales to taiwan with a clearer objective in mind and intensified technical upgrades of weapons sold to taiwan .
it has not only improved the after - sale service of the f-16 fighters but also insisted on selling early warning systems to taiwan in disregard of china 's strong opposition . moreover , it considered selling and transferring aegis destroyers , " patriot " - iii missiles and technologies relating to the tmd [ theatrical missile defense ] .
the chinese government has never compromised in the slightest degree on the major issue of the principle of safeguarding national sovereignty and territorial integrity and china means what it says in this regard .
to safeguard national security and achieve the motherland 's reunification , china must speed up the pace of national defense modernization and continuously enhance its military strength .
the purpose for china to strengthen its military strength is for self - defense . this is conducive to peace and stability in the asia - pacific region and peace in the world .
gdp rose by 7.1 percent , which exceeded the expectations at the beginning of the year .
foreign exchange reserves totaled $ 154.7 billion , and tax revenue broke through 1 trillion yuan ; both figures were records .
national people 's congress [ npc ] deputy yao zhenyan said that expanding domestic demand and practicing a positive fiscal policy and corresponding monetary policy have played a key role in these achievements .
this happened to be the year of the 50 th anniversary of the founding of the prc and the reversion of macao , and we were also facing imminent entry to the wto , thus further embroiling us in the opportunities and challenges of world economy .
at that time , the stock market , termed the barometer of the national economy , was sagging .
in 1998 the newly issued state bonds were mainly used in infrastructure construction , but in 1999 some of them were used as discount payments on enterprise technology loans , to encourage the enterprises to update their technology and plant and increase hi - tech input .
according to calculations , 9 billion worth of fiscal discounting can draw forth about 180 billion worth of investment in technical improvements .
third , in developing the economy , we have persisted in adopting the guideline of expanding domestic demand , and there is no contradiction between this and expanding our opening up to the world and fully exploiting both domestic and foreign markets and resources .
the tax rebate on exports was raised in january and again in july , with the result that the overall rebate rate on export commodities exceeded 15 percent ; the progress of rebate was also speeded up , and a total of 62.5 billion yuan in rebate was dealt with .
in april the ministry of finance readjusted the policy regarding tax on imported plant , thus appropriately increasing imports , while in addition the customs cracked down hard on smuggling , with the result that the strategy of spurring exports and market diversification through imports achieved its predicted results .
by the end of 1999 , the slide in china 's exports had halted and they were rising ; the increase was 6 percent over the 1998 figure ; this made a valuable contribution to increasing foreign exchange reserves , maintaining the stability of the renminbi , and leading forward economic growth over the whole year .
some of the deputies gave this evaluation : " with no duplicate construction , we have done things that we wanted to do for many years . "
xie ping , a deputy to the ninth npc and director of the research bureau of the people 's bank of china , said that practice has proven that the orientation of the state bond investment set by the central authorities is correct .
the merit is here now , and the benefits will be long term .
there was a decline of 84 percent in relatively big danger spots and 90 percent in dangerous gushers .
he said that the effects of building water conservancy products and taming the river and the lakes are evident .
such a change results from the large - scale project to improve the rural power grids which started in the second half of 1998 .
in 1999 china 's economy tasted to the full the vexations of surplus production , and advanced toward new life amid gradual restructuring and technical improvement .
the sown areas of grain , cotton , and sugar crops were reduced in 1999 , since the storehouses were " bursting at the seams " or else there were stockpiles of these crops , and their respective output declined by 1 , 11 , and 10 percent compared with the previous year .
some peasants learned the lesson of " increasing output without increasing income , " and no longer blindly pursued quantity ; instead , they paid attention to market changes , improvement of varieties , and science and technology input , and there was no lack of people whose returns steadily increased as a result .
at the same time , spurred by market forces and supported by bank loans , a number of new - style domestic electrical appliances , computers , mobile phones and so on , with high science and technology content , low energy consumption , and a variety of functions rapidly sprang up , thus further improving market supply .
the rate of decline of the price level , which has been in negative growth for more than 20 successive months , has gradually lessened as domestic demand is stimulated , and the categories of commodities whose prices are rising is now increasing .
we believe that so long as we stick to the guideline of expanding domestic demand and practice a positive fiscal policy , china 's economy will certainly be able to enter a virtuous circle as the international economy takes a turn for the better , policies are perfected , reforms are deepened , and systems are replaced .
formulating , amending , and interpreting laws - - legislation more mature , of better quality by the day the formulation of our law on legislation has attracted world attention over the past year .
china has speeded up its legislative work in recent years .
following two examinations and discussions by the national people 's congress [ npc } standing committee , the draft of the law on legislation will be submitted to the third session of the ninth npc for examination and discussion .
more than quantity , legislation requires quality .
her request was supported by the state general administration for environmental protection .
ms. yao 's experience has proven one fact : the law must ensure that the administrative organs carry out their duties according to law , and also prevent abuse of administrative powers and protect citizens ' rights and interests .
ms. yao 's appeal has also proven a fact : only by carrying out administration according to law can functions be correctly exercised and can the masses ' support and cooperation be gained .
prior to the law on administrative review , administrative powers were constrained by a series of laws such as the law on administrative procedure , the law on state compensation , and the law on administrative punishment .
speaking of carrying out administration according to law , some deputies and committee members held : " for the government at all levels , administering according to law is the inevitable demand and the best choice . "
intensify supervision , improve supervision methods , perfect supervision procedure - - supervision yields practical results intensifying supervision has consistently been an issue of concern to the masses .
after the second session of the ninth npc , standing committee chairman li peng pointed out : assign supervisory work a position of equal importance with legislative work , further intensify supervision , improve supervision methods , perfect the supervision procedure , and attach importance to practical results .
to formulate a law on supervision has been the common call of deputies and committee members in recent years .
the villagers of bailian village of pandai township of this city were unhappy over the vagueness of the village 's financial accounts , and a meeting of over 600 villagers was held which lawfully dismissed village committee head he guangshou from his post .
ma xianzhang , a npc deputy and vice chairman of the henan provincial people 's congress , said : " nine hundred million of the 1.2 billion people of china live in the rural areas ; this is china 's basic national condition .
we must attach importance to mobilizing the masses ' initiative and creativity in the process of strengthening the building of grassroots democracy and the legal system . "
the revised organic law on village committees sets down in the form of law the " four democracies , " that is , democratic elections , decisionmaking , management , and supervision ; apart from giving the villagers the enthusiasm to exercise their democratic rights , it has also given them the legal right to exercise democratic management .
we are informed that making village affairs public and democratic management have been implemented throughout the country since last year .
when the court makes a judgement , it should be enforced , otherwise , where is the fairness ? "
according to statistics , from january to october last year , courts throughout the country completed the enforcement of judgments in 1.65 million cases , 31 percent more than in the corresponding period of 1998 ; the price tag for those involved was 143.7 billion yuan .
on 10 july 1986 , qian jiadong , ambassador of china 's permanent delegation to the united nations in geneva , presented a note to gatt director - general arthur denker , officially applying for china 's return to gatt ( known as wto after 1995 ) as a signatory power .
after 1989 , as the western countries headed by the united states made unrealistic demands on china , sino - us negotiations on china 's return to gatt hit a standstill .
an analysis by experts here stated that china 's " entry into wto " has quickened since last year and this is the outcome of a strategic decision made by the hierarchy of the chinese government by judging the hour and sizing up the situation .
just as an article published recently by " renmin ribao " stated , quickening china 's " entry into wto " negotiations and enabling china to accede to wto on an earlier date is at once a natural choice for china in developing a socialist market economy and a need for china in furthering her reform and opening up .
therefore , the bilateral agreement reached between china and the united states has removed the biggest obstacle on the road leading to china 's " entry into wto . "
as a matter of fact , china 's earlier accession to wto will benefit not just china but also the countries the world over , wto , and the global economic development .
just as wto director - general mackell muir pointed out during an interview with reporters in beijing the other day : without china 's participation , wto would be a semi - world trade organization . only after china becomes its member will wto turn into a real world trade organization .
the day china accedes to wto will be a historical event and a great day for china and the world .
some symposiums or study classes on the theme of china 's entry into wto have also been welcomed by the public at large .
an analysis by some experts stated that as the day china accedes to wto is drawing near day by day , the issues concerning " entry into wto " are likely to be major topics of concern for discussion at this year 's forthcoming " two sessions . "
during the era of deng xiaoping and chiang ching - kuo , in particular , cross - strait relations were moving in the direction of relaxed and steady development .
jiang zemin , the leader of the third generation of the chinese government , has all the more spared no effort in pushing forward the great reunification cause of the motherland .
this has been the most relaxed atmosphere and the most sincere benevolence ever offered by the cpc to the kmt , and by mainland compatriots to taiwan compatriots , since the founding of new china .
however , lee teng - hui , head of those in power in taiwan , has acted in a diametrically opposite way , and has gradually taken the separatist road of " taiwan independence . "
based on the moral principles of mankind and in line with international law , a country has the power , the responsibility , and the obligation to safeguard its sovereignty and territorial integrity and to realize its unification .
in this aspect , the chinese people enjoy a glorious tradition and have a sincere love for their own motherland ; and they will never allow themselves to be bullied by foreign invaders , or tolerate the loss of even one inch of the sacred land of their country .
as early as 1950 , with the aim of guarding our home and protecting our people , we carried out the great patriotic and international struggle of resisting us aggression and aiding korea , and successfully defeated us aggressors in the end .
in 1969 , we launched a counterattack against the then vietnam in self - defense , and successfully guarded our frontier .
it is beyond any doubt or reproach that all these were patriotic and just moves aimed at protecting and safeguarding china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
if the taiwan authorities indefinitely refuse a peaceful settlement of cross - strait reunification through negotiations , which is the third scenario pointed out in the white paper , the chinese government will be forced to settle the issue by use of force .
adhering to the one - china principle is the basis and prerequisite for cross - strait negotiations .
in addition to this , this year is the last year for china to fulfill the ninth five - year plan and important objectives for the end of this century , an important year for chinese people to make preparations for attaining the great rejuvenation of the nation in the new century .
major items on the agenda of the " two sessions " this year 's " two sessions " will have the same characteristic of a short duration as last year 's .
the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] will be held from 5 to 15 march , the same as last year .
the third session of the ninth national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] will be held from 3 to 11 march , a period two days shorter than last year 's .
li peng to give work report personally what merits attention is that the past practice of having a npc standing committee vice chairman deliver the standing committee work report will be changed this year , and chairman li peng will give the standing committee work report personally .
judging from the npc history , when liu shaoqi was the chairman of the first npc standing committee , the standing committee work report was distributed in written form directly to deputies instead of being read by the chairman .
that li peng delivers the standing committee work report is conducive for the npc to open up a new situation in the new century , to make its work more transparent , and to gear its work more to the needs of the society and the public .
in addition , the press center of the " two sessions " will also make arrangements for local provincial and municipal leaders to be interviewed collectively by chinese and foreign reporters .
it plays the role of the " head " and carries out important functions in commanding troops in fighting and in the construction of troops . at the entire military chief of staff conference , president jiang pointed out the profound truth that currently great changes are taking place in the world 's militaries .
especially in the field of commanding wars , the changes are larger than ever . handling information takes much less time than it did previously . the commanding of strategies , campaigns and tactics are all merged . the efficiency and working quality of commanding units have a decisive influence on the outcome of wars .
this theme will promote new developments in the campaign of learning from lei feng and li xiangqun and is significant .
during the spring 37 years ago , president mao zedong wrote a few words of commendation himself , calling on from comrade lei feng .
old - generation revolutionaries , including liu shaoqi , zhou enlai , zhu de , deng xiaoping and chen yun , also wrote words of commendation to highly praise the lei feng spirit .
the whole party , entire military and the people of the whole country warmly responded , and a mass campaign of learning from lei feng burgeoned rapidly in china .
we must educate and direct the young rank and file to strengthen their revolutionary beliefs like lei feng and li xiangqun did .
if we implement this principle in the campaigns of learning from lei feng and li xiangqun , we must arouse and mobilize the enthusiasm and creativity of the broad masses of the young rank and file to the utmost extent and let them maintain high enthusiasm in their training .
we must educate the young rank and file to do as lei feng and li xiangqun did , assiduously research military technology , skillfully master their weapons , master strong skills for wars , and achieve a perfect combination of people and weapons .
we must effectively carry out the campaigns of learning from lei feng and li xiangqun into the new century .
if one were to abandon the one - china principle and even try by various means to seek different forms of independence with the aim of separation , however , it would only draw the two sides of the strait to the abyss of a war .
in recent years , the separatist forces in taiwan represented by lee teng - hui ( li denghui ) have turned a deaf ear to the solemn warnings of the chinese government , wantonly carrying out , under various political pretences , separatist activities in a bid to create independence .
theoretically , they gradually have deviated from the one - china principle , trumpeting " two governments , " " two reciprocal political entities , " and " taiwan is already a state with independent sovereignty . " they connive at and provide support for the separatists who advocate " taiwan independence " and their activities .
there is only one china in the world ; taiwan is part of the chinese territory ; and china 's territory and sovereignty must not be separated .
persisting in " taiwan independence " means war between the two sides of the strait .
in the major event that taiwan is separated from china under whatever name , we shall be duty - bound to take drastic measures , including the use of force , to defend china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
also precisely because of this , us policymakers have in recent times been forced to recognize that avoiding the reoccurrence of conflicts and confrontation in the taiwan strait and the unsettling of the foundation of sino - us relations is a prudent choice and is in its best strategic interests .
large amounts of fact have demonstrated that even though the united states has affirmed and reaffirmed its " one china " position all these years , the anti - china forces in the united states have in practice consistently treated taiwan as a political entity , pledging to " improve relations with taiwan . "
even as the taiwan relations act continues to cast a dark shadow on sino - us relations , the anti - china forces in the us congress are now clamoring to pass the taiwan security enhancement act .
not only is it flagrant interference in china 's internal affairs and a serious threat to china 's security as it obstructs china 's peaceful reunification process , it is also endangering peace and stability in the asia - pacific region and the world as a whole .
of the above mentioned " three ifs , " it is fully reasonable regard foreign interference as one of the major obstacles to the peaceful settlement of the taiwan question .
incomplete statistics showed that in the 1950 - 1987 period , the contract value of the us arms sales to taiwan reached almost $ 6.4 billion . however , in a 10 - year period between 1988 and 1997 , it rose to as high as $ 11.38 billion .
in february of this year , noisily advocated by some anti - china congressmen , the us house of representatives flagrantly passed a bill called " taiwan security enhancement law " and tried to turn it into a binding document in the form of law .
the anti - china forces in the united states are not only the root cause of the taiwan question but also a major external factor for delaying the settlement of the taiwan question for a long time .
settling the taiwan question and realizing the complete reunification of the motherland as early as possible is where the fundamental interests of the whole chinese people , including the taiwan people , lie and is beneficial to the sino - us relations development for a long time to come .
he reiterated his government 's stance of sticking to the " one - china " policy .
he said the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " manifested the chinese government 's consistent stand on the taiwan issue and reflected all chinese people 's aspiration . the great cause of china 's reunification is irresistible .
blair and his entourage is the first high - level us military delegation to visit china officially since us - led nato bombed the chinese embassy in the federal republic of yugoslavia in may 1999 .
chi haotian urged the united states to handle the taiwan issue appropriately by strictly adhering to the principles and relevant commitments established in the three sino - us joint communiques , stop arms sales to taiwan , and do things that truly promote the great cause of china 's reunification .
he also stressed that china has all along been pursuing a foreign policy of peace and independence and advocating resolving differences among countries peacefully through consultations and dialogue on an equal footing .
the united states upholds the principle of one china .
beijing , 29 feb (zxs) - - with an expanding population and a rapid economic and social development , shortage of water resources has become increasingly severe in china , which is an enormous threat to china 's future sustainable development .
during ordinary years , the amount of water shortage in irrigated areas across the country is 30 billion cubic meters per year and in urban areas is 6 billion cubic meters .
the total amount of waste water produced each year is nearly 60 billion tonnes , 80 percent of which was discharged directly into water areas without being processed .
investigation and evaluation of china 's more than 700 key rivers shows that nearly 50 percent of river stretches and more than 90 percent of urban riverside water areas are polluted .
politburo member and vice premier qian qichen addressed the meeting , noting that : that the taiwan problem cannot go unsolved indefinitely , is the consistent chinese position , nothing new .
the white paper that we issued recently on the one - china principle aroused widespread attention internationally , bringing a zealous response from the masses of overseas chinese .
after the white paper was issued , certain foreign media held that china 's policy on solving the taiwan problem had changed sharply , which is not so .
as to the fact that the taiwan problem cannot go unsolved indefinitely , that is also the consistent chinese position , nothing new .
qian qichen said that : as long ago as october 1984 , comrade deng xiaoping noted clearly in a speech that : " while we insist on pursuing a peaceful solution of the taiwan problem , we will never renounce the possibility of a non - peaceful solution , which commitment we cannot make .
how could we renounce national reunification ? "
qian qichen said that : we issued the white paper on " the one - china principle and the taiwan problem , " noting that the taiwan problem cannot go unsolved indefinitely , precisely to promote the development of cross - strait relations , to spur the taiwan authorities to sit down in dialogue and negotiation with us .
qian qichen affirmed in his address the outstanding accomplishments of the all - china federation of returned overseas chinese and its overall 2000 work requirements .
the all - china federation of returned overseas chinese has proposed placing its 2000 work focus on better " organization and dynamism , " which new substance is very good .
we need to focus on the key strategic plans for national economic development , mobilizing the advantage of overseas chinese resources to the service of the strategies of revitalizing china through science and education and sharply developing western china .
we need to establish widespread contacts with s & t talent among returned overseas chinese , their relatives , and our overseas chinese compatriots , to build a go - between bridge for the work of the new generation of returned overseas chinese and s & t academic interaction .
and we need to stress the good attraction of capital , technology , and intelligence , for a contribution to the development of central and western china and the s & t cause .
all - china federation of returned overseas chinese chairman lin zhaoshu gave a work report at the meeting .
and some of the members who attended the plenary session held a forum today on the white paper on " the one - china principle and the taiwan problem . "
committee chairman li peng took part in today 's group deliberations .
hong fuzeng , zhang xiao , and other committee members indicated : supervisory work occupied an important place in the npc standing committee 's work in the past year ; inspections of law enforcement became even more to the point and more efficient ; and the actual effect of supervision was clearly enhanced .
the people were satisfied with the npc standing committee 's legislative work last year .
gu shanqing and other committee members suggested that it is essential to normalize legislative activities and constantly improve the efficiency and quality of legislative work in order to accomplish the arduous tasks of legislation .
in legislative work , care should be taken to remove departmental colors , to prevent and avoid the interference of departmental interests and protectionism , and to conscientiously uphold impartiality and fairness of the law .
some other committee members opined that in inspecting law enforcement it is necessary to further improve the ways of inspection so as to really be able to carry out inspections without pomps and strictly avoid formalism .
the ninth npc standing committee today also held group deliberations on the draft agenda for the third session of the ninth npc and other matters .
the three - day eighth session of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] ninth national committee standing committee ended this afternoon in beijing .
li ruihuan , member of the cpc central committee political bureau [ politburo ] and cppcc chairman , presided over the meeting this afternoon .
the session is of great significance for the conclusion and beginning of cppcc undertakings at the end of this century and for the next century and for the promotion of the cross - century development of building socialism with chinese characteristics .
however , the us government has remained silent about the human rights situation in its own country .
the " 1999 country reports on human rights practices " released by the us state department on 26 february , which finds fault with the human rights conditions in some 100 countries , has provoked a chorus of condemnation from many countries .
the day before , the new york state supreme court had rendered a verdict acquitting four white police officers who had fatally shot amadou diallo , an innocent black man .
this has inevitably aroused strong displeasure among the public .
as a matter of fact , the diallo incident was by no means an isolated case .
according to us reports , in 1996 , 3,000 people accused the chicago police of wantonly resorting to violence , and more than 1,000 complaints are filed against the police in san francisco each year . and los angeles is asking itself : " why has police conduct gotten so bad ? "
wanton application of violence by the police is only one example of how americans ' civil rights are being trampled upon .
it is no wonder that , upon learning of the court verdict in the diallo case , angry crowds shouted : " there is no fairness and justice to speak of " in the united states .
the federal bureau of investigation and the justice department have promised an investigation into the trial of the diallo case .
the diallo case has once again shown that the " international human rights defender " is trampling upon human rights .
beijing , 29 feb ( xinhua ) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao today expressed indignation at accusations on hong kong 's human rights situation made by the united states regardless of actual facts .
zhu bangzao said that after hong kong 's reversion , china 's central government and the hong kong special administrative region [ hksar ] government implemented the policy of " one country , two systems , " " hong kong people governing hong kong , " and a high degree of autonomy .
protected by the basic law , the broad masses of hong kong people continue to enjoy extensive human rights , democracy , and freedom , a fact widely acknowledged by the international community .
the hksar government and people of all circles in hong kong have criticized the report .
he said the chinese government expresses its firm opposition to that .
beijing , 29 feb (zxs) - - speaking here today , foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao refuted taiwan 's distorted statement that " there is one china , with each side having its own interpretation , " and offered a detailed explanation in this respect .
he pointed out that no separatist schemes could possibly succeed .
zhu bangzao said : this argument is a distortion of the consensus reached by the two sides at that time .
the specific formulation employed by arats is : " both sides of the taiwan strait uphold the one - china principle and strive for national reunification .
he pointed out : the distortion by relevant people in taiwan of the consensus on " one china " into " one china , with each side having its own interpretation " is not consistent with the actual situation ; its purpose is to slip in separatist views in the name of different interpretations .
he once again said that the white paper recently released by the chinese side is yet another comprehensive exposition that china offers to the international community on its principled stand on resolving the taiwan issue .
besides , china welcomes the democratic people 's republic of korea [ dprk ] to improve and develop its relations with western developed countries .
chen yaobang , chinese minister of agriculture , and tokuichiro tamazawa , japanese agriculture , forestry , and fisheries minister , had just held talks and reached a consensus on when the agreement should take effect .
he expressed hopes that the visit will benefit peace , stability , and development on the korean peninsula .
the chinese government is cooperating with the un high commissioner for human rights office to hold the eighth asia - pacific human rights seminar in beijing on 1 - 3 march .
mrs. mary robinson , un high commissioner for human rights , will attend the seminar on invitation .
mrs. robinson will meet qian qichen , vice premier of the state council , during her stay in beijing .
relevant leaders of the foreign affairs committee of the national people 's congress [ npc ] and the ministry of foreign affairs will separately hold talks with her to exchange views on issues of mutual concern , including cooperation between the two sides .
since signing the two convenants , relevant departments of the chinese government have actively prepared for the ratification of the two convenants and have conducted massive , comprehensive , and meticulous study on the contents of the convenants .
while doing that , the chinese side had numerous exchanges with western countries on issues concerning the ratification and enforcement of the convenants .
all these show that the chinese side adopts a serious and responsible attitude toward the ratification of the two convenants .
as for the international convenant on civil and political rights , relevant departments of the chinese government are currently studying it in detail .
zhu bangzao said the visit is part of a consensus reached with the us side on the sino - us military exchange program in 2000 when deputy chief of general staff xiong guangkai visited washington at the beginning of the year .
zhu bangzao said that , during his visit in china , admiral blair will meet chinese military leaders and hold consultations with deputy chief of general staff xiong guangkai on sino - us military exchanges and on regional and international issues of mutual concern .
blair will also visit nanjing during his china visit .
reports on china 's economic and financial budget situations will be provided to npc deputies and members of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , and chinese and foreign media also will be given relevant information , so the reports will be quite transparent .
the " report on work of the government , " to be delivered by premier zhu rongji , is an authoritative document reflecting china 's latest political and economic situation , and has already received attention at home and abroad .
it is expected that the report will sum up china 's development experience in 1999 , set forth the government 's general administrative program for 2000 , and provide prospects for china 's intermediate - and long - term development .
the " report on work of the government " and reports on the state 's plan and financial budget will contain last year 's economic development situation and this year 's development targets .
according to the state statistics bureau 's initial forecast , china 's gdp in 1999 was 8.2054 trillion yuan ( renminbi ; same for the following ) . computing using comparable prices , it was 7.1 percent higher than the year before , reaching the set growth target .
an economist of the chinese academy of social sciences revealed that the gdp growth target for 2000 also will be set at about 7 percent .
recently , based on estimates , relevant departments of the state put forward three optional proposals - - setting growth at 8 percent , 7.5 percent , or 7 percent .
relevant reports also will analyze whether the current domestic and international situations are favorable for china to achieve its economic growth target .
this situation will have a positive effect on china 's foreign trade growth .
besides , china will enter the wto some time in the middle of this year , and this also is a good news for china 's exports .
considering these factors , it is expected that china 's exports growth will be higher than last year , and the growth probably will approach 10 percent .
most economists have been of the view that economic growth of 7 percent for this year is attainable ; if things go smoothly , it is possible to reach 7.5 percent .
in relevant reports , it also will be announced that a positive financial policy will be implemented this year - - the third consecutive year . by issuing treasury bonds , the state will make financial investments to increase domestic demand and ensure economic growth .
in the foreseeable future , not only will the renminbi not devalue , but there will be room of its appreciation .
this assures a continued surplus in china 's international payments and for maintaining the stability of the renminbi rate of exchange .
in the science and technology training of troops , it is necessary to put training on joint operation in an outstanding position , improve the mechanisms for joint operation , lay a solid foundation for joint operation , and deeply explore methods for training in joint campaigns .
the " opinions " demanded that units at all levels should mainly and properly grasp the building of the four contingents of commanders , staff personnel , professional technical personnel and instructors , especially the training and bringing up of a large number of military commanding personnel with high comprehensive quality and great ability to carry out renovation .
both sides exchanged views on sino - russian relations and other international issues of interest to both sides in a cordial and friendly atmosphere [ zai qin qie you hao de qi fen zhong 0941 6024 0434 0645 1170 4104 3049 3050 0022 ] .
tang jiaxuan said : in recent years , china and russia have cooperated very well in broad fields of endeavor and their strategic cooperation expanded continuously with noticeable results .
china would work together with russia to inherit and carry forward all the precious wealth the two countries have accumulated to promote bilateral cooperation in various fields to a new high .
ivanov , for his part , expressed his warm welcome for tang jiaxuan 's first visit to russia and believed that the visit would further promote russian - chinese ties .
he said : russia is satisfied with the strategic cooperation with china .
russian deputy prime minister ilya klebanov will visit china shortly and discuss with his hosts bilateral cooperation in the fields of politics , economy and trade . he expressed the hope that klebanov 's trip will achieve positive results .
they exchanged views on the exchange of mutual visits by top leaders this year .
tang jiaxuan reiterated the chinese government 's support for the russian government 's stance on the chechen issue and the actions taken in fighting separatism and religious extremism .
ivanov expressed his high appreciation for china 's just stance on the chechen issue .
the two ministers also discussed other regional and international issues and reached broad consensus .
they pledged to further strengthen cooperation in international affairs .
at the end of their meeting , the two ministers signed the " agreement of the governments of the people 's republic of china and the russian federation on exchange of visits by citizens " on behalf their own governments .
tang jiaxuan arrived in moscow the evening of 28 february and thus started his official visit to russia .
russia 's acting president vladimir putin was scheduled to meet foreign minister tang jiaxuan on 1 march .
lhasa , 1 march ( xinhua ) - - purbu zhoima , director of the tibet autonomous regional family planning commission , said to xinhua reporters today : " the government of the tibet autonomous region has never interfered in or restrained tibetan women 's rights to give birth .
she stressed : " most tibetan women in the rural and pastoral areas now choose to have two or three children while the educated women prefer one child , because their concept of having children has undergone changes and more and more people attach greater importance to rational childbearing . "
dixing , a 45 - year - old woman in the rural area of nedong county in tibet has 11 children .
she said that having too many children constituted a very heavy burden to the family .
reportedly , china 's armed forces staged five large - scale military exercises codenamed " chun " [ 2504 spring ] in the southern waters , north china plain , and the northwest plateau over the past two months .
military figures say that the features of " chen chun " and " ming chun " are aimed at attacking us aircraft carriers .
on 15 february , the airforce of the jinan military region used a number of jets to conduct the cross - sea exercise codenamed " chang chun . " air refueling aircraft were used in the exercise to support the fighters ' long - distance flight .
the air refueling aircraft of china 's airforce , a new model aircraft improved from the 6 - d bomber , was on display for the first time at the national day parade on 1 october last year .
the military figure pointed out that china has studied ways to deal with aircraft carriers for seven to eight years . viewed from the latest achievements , if a war starts across the taiwan straits , there probably will be no aircraft carriers that cannot be sunk .
" feibao " can be favorably compared with the f - 16 . its load of bombs , range , speed and electronic equipment is far better than other fighter planes in the service of the chinese air force .
the radar equipment on the fbc-1 can be favorably compared with that of the f-16, made by the united states , and phantom-2000 fighter planes , made by france , in taiwan .
the displacement of the " song " - class attack submarine is 2,250 tonnes , its maximum underwater speed is 22 knots , and its noise is the lowest of the submarines in the chinese navy .
the 039 is quite completely equipped with weapons , and is capable of launching at its full depth linear - guided [ xian dao 4848 1418 ] torpedoes and anti - ship missiles , and of laying mines .
today 's guangming ribao also reports that the parent of a student in anyang city , henan , took some people to beat up the class teacher because the student had not been assessed " three good " and made a young pioneers team leader .
i also saw some reports like this before , and they are really shocking and cause me deep reflection .
correctly guiding and helping the healthy growth of youths and juveniles to enable them to achieve all - round moral , academic , physical , and artistic development is a major issue with a bearing on the orientation of the development of education in china .
since the founding of new china , the party and government have attached great importance to developing the people 's education and devoted great efforts to it ; there have been tremendous developments in china 's education and large numbers of outstanding talented people have been trained for socialist construction .
china now has a population of 1.25 billion , 240 million of whom are at school .
this is an amazing achievement .
education is systems engineering ; to continually enhance the quality and standards of education , we must not only step up education in cultural knowledge for the students but also tangibly step up their ideological and political education , moral education , discipline education , and education in the legal system .
as " architects of the human soul , " teachers must not only teach well but also cultivate their students well , and be paragons of virtue and learning .
we absolutely cannot bring about certain negative or even reverse consequences as a result of improper handling of these issues . the burdens on some students are too heavy at present , and this forms very great mental pressure on them .
it is right that the schools and the homes demand and encourage youngsters to study intensively and assiduously ; unless they assiduously study and temper themselves , it is very hard for young people to grow up , but there must be correct guiding ideas and teaching methods .
there are many lessons in this respect , and we should take warning from them .
we cannot shut up young students in books and rooms all day ; we must let them take part in some social practice to broaden their vision and enhance their social experience .
schools are important gardens for cultivating talent , and education is a lofty undertaking for the good of society .
tertiary education is now developing very rapidly in china , and there was a big increase in the number of its students last year .
society needs all kinds of talented people .
" all the 360 trades produce the very best . "
we cannot look at the question in this way today .
in the 21 st century , china needs to develop knowledge - intensive industries and also still needs to develop labor - intensive industries ; economic construction and social development set a variety of demands on talent .
this is the objective demand of china 's national condition and of all - round economic and social development .
we should conduct good publicity on this viewpoint throughout the whole of society .
this work should be done not only by the education departments but also by the propaganda and ideological departments , the political departments , and other departments , and by the whole party and the whole of society .
it is necessary to develop a healthy atmosphere in the schools and among the students ; we must certainly not allow unhealthy trends to raise their heads .
we must step up ideological education regarding bad student behavior , severely punish violations of law according to law , and absolutely not indulge them .
we must concentrate efforts on sorting out the bad social order situation that has recently been apparent in and around certain schools .
we must regularly conduct education in discipline and legal system for the students , to strengthen their concept of discipline and legal system , so that they will understand that they must observe discipline and law .
we must ensure a peaceful , harmonious , and healthy environment for the students ' studies .
ours is a socialist country under communist party leadership , and we must and can succeed in this respect .
these are : reforming the state - owned enterprises and extricating them from difficulty ; the large - scale development of west china ; china 's entry into the world trade organization [ wto ] ; rejuvenating the country through science and education ; opposing corruption ; and the taiwan problem .
this is the third year in achieving this goal , and attention to whether the chinese government can win decisive victory is redoubled .
twelve of the 14 existing industrial departments have reversed their loss - making situation , the exceptions being the defense industry and coal .
while reducing the losses in the original loss - making enterprises , is it possible to prevent the emergence of new loss - makers ?
has extricating the state enterprises from difficulties depended too much on help from the state 's favored treatment policy , or is it built on the firm basis of deepening the reforms and strengthening management ? . . .
instituting the large - scale development of west china is a major policy decision of the central authorities , made at the turn of the century , which involves the overall situation .
the central authorities ' call for great development of the west has evoked a response throughout the country ; people pin great hopes on this , and tremendous enthusiasm is mounting .
the time is not far off when china will join the wto this year .
wto accession is a major affair in the process of china 's reforms , opening up , and modernization , and it will have a far - reaching impact on china 's economic development in the new century .
how can china reap the benefits while avoiding the pitfalls ?
this will naturally be a topic of concern to all the deputies and committee members .
as the new century opens , every country in the world is working to enhance its science and technology competitiveness in the expectation of occupying a favorable position in the competition in all - round national strength during the century .
we should realize that although science and technology in china is developing with every passing day , the general level lags far behind that of developed countries .
although the massive smuggling case involving yuan hua is still being dealt with , and details and results of the case will not be announced at the " two sessions " this year , a series of major cases previously dealt with have already aroused a strong reaction among all sectors of society .
history has pushed the taiwan problem to an important juncture when there can be no evasion or long delay .
this important policy statement demonstrates the mainland 's resolve and sense of urgency for spurring the process of peaceful reunification .
li urged the province 's entry and exit inspection and quarantine institutions to do well and work in real earnest in four aspects ; help the province 's enterprises open up the international market ; and contribute more to the province 's two civilizations building .
only by complying with the general trend of globalization of the world economy and further merging with the international economy will it be possible to grasp the opportunity and speed up our development .
li stressed : we must take the initiative to fight a battle in the face of economic globalization .
we must take the initiative to go out to serve our modernization building by making full use of two types of resources , two markets , and two technological sources , namely , those at home and abroad .
li pointed out : under the present circumstances , the entry and exit inspection and quarantine institutions , which are in the forefront of opening up to the outside world , are also faced with a series of new situations .
the central government recently made a policy decision to carry out a " large - scale development of the western region . "
since reform and opening up , the central authorities have put the focus of development on the eastern ( and southern , the same below ) region along the coast .
hitherto , it is a correct decision to place the focus of development on the eastern region .
besides , foreign investors were encouraged to make investment in the central and western regions , and the eastern region was also encouraged to give assistance to the central and western regions in various ways .
accelerating the exploitation of the rich natural resources in the western region brooks no delay , otherwise the development of the eastern region and even the entire country will be restricted by the inadequacy of natural resources .
third , in the geographic distribution of china 's population , the eastern and western regions respectively account for approximately 40 and 60 percent of the total .
fourth , focusing the development on the eastern region has led to the wider gap between the eastern region and the central and western regions .
the proportions of the total output value of the eastern , central , and western regions in the gdp were respectively 50.1 percent , 34.3 percent , and 15.6 percent in 1978 , and 58.3 percent , 27.9 percent , and 13.8 percent in 1998 .
this is what people often say " peacocks flying to the southeastern land . "
if we fail to reverse the direction of the flow of resources , the development of the central and western regions , the latter in particular , will be impaired .
fifth , china is a country with multiple ethnic groups , and a harmonious ethnic relationship is one of the major prerequisites for the society to maintain stability , the economy to attain development , and the people 's lives to be improved .
the western region is where numerous chinese minority ethnic groups live in compact communities .
the central government has always showed concerns for the economic development and the enhancement of the people 's living standards in the regions inhabited by minority nationalities , and granted them enormous support in financial aid and other aspects .
the practice of the omnidirectional opening up has turned the western region to be a forward position and has enabled china to maintain considerably closer economic contacts with the contiguous countries in the north , west , and southwest .
conditions for western development the large - scale western development is a great strategic change in china 's distribution of economic areas which has tremendous and profound significance .
at present , there are a lot of favorable conditions that have made this momentous change possible .
third , china 's market economic structure is getting into shape so that we can make use of the market strength to expedite the development in the western region .
fourth , after years of development , the western region has initially possessed the soft environment for attracting foreign investment , and more and more overseas enterprises , having realized the enormous potential for the western development , have come one after another to make investment in the western region .
of course , it is not easy to develop the western region , and it is even more difficult than the development of the eastern region at the early stage of reform .
for this reason , the central authorities should render all - out assistance , the western region itself should make great efforts , and the eastern region should extend its support to and cooperation with the western region .
several steps that should be taken with regard to the central government 's assistance , first of all , it is drafting a plan for the large - scale development of the western region so as to push forward the work step by step .
the development of the western region can only surge forward wave upon wave .
fourth , the central government should grant greater decisionmaking powers to the western region in devising economic development policies and in issues related to reform and opening up in light of local conditions in order to arouse the initiative and enthusiasm of the local governments .
so far as the western region is concerned , first , it should give impetus to the further emancipation of the minds among the cadres and masses and smash the trammels of the outmoded ideas , traditions , styles , and habits to suit the situation of the large - scale western development and the market economic order .
second , the western region should create favorable soft and hard environments for attracting resources from other regions and outside the country , and particularly for absorbing qualified personnel and technologies .
third , it should adopt various policies and measures to encourage the local resources , particularly the nongovernmental resources , to be used in its own development .
the low proportion of nonpublic sectors and slow growth is another major cause that the western region was unable to make faster advance .
although quite a few areas in the western region have rich resources , owing to the abominable natural conditions such as shortage of water , extremely poor transport facilities , harsh climate , and others , it needs serious exploration into how they should exploit their favorable conditions to the full and avoid the unfavorable ones .
let us just talk about overcoming the unfavorable factors of the long distance between the producing areas and markets and high transportation costs , it is imperative to ensure that the locally made products have the merits of good quality , low costs , high added value , small size , light weight , and be convenient for transportation .
this is another example of making the best use of the advantages while bypassing the disadvantages . finally , the greatest shortages of resources in the western region are cadres , and technical and managerial personnel .
for this reason , it should not only import qualified personnel from other regions , but more importantly , it should step up the training of local talented people .
however , it seams that this ideal is still far away from the chinese .
however , this might in fact represent a misunderstanding zone .
since the may fourth movement , the struggles engaged by the chinese people in their pursue of democracy have always been accompanied by fierce political movements , with passionate mass parades and fervent slogans which are spread nationwide in a short period of time .
democracy must have vigor and vitality . democracy must have closed ties with mass parades or similar actions such as strikes staged by workers or students .
democracy must serve to resolve contemporary urgent social , political , or economic problems . a parallel thinking is this : whenever a political , economic , or social problem cannot be resolved , people naturally pin their hopes on democracy . when there is no crisis , it seems that the progress of democracy is not very important .
they have accustomed to this idea : the first thing to do is to destroy all the things that are old .
the appearance of this situation has something to do with our tradition , which is as long as our history .
particularly at a time when china met with imperial invasion and the survival of the chinese nation was at a critical moment , various elements for reforms will naturally demand to put democracy into practice in this land of ours . they want to realize this fine political culture and system with an unprecedented enthusiasm and speed .
another factor has something to do with the chinese people 's persistent goal - - a situation where everything is perfect .
due to these objective factors , neither the broad masses of people nor the leading elite of democratic movement has conducted profound thinking from a rational viewpoint before they adopt democracy , which is considered as a good medicine to cure china 's political and social problems .
as a result , the above - mentioned abnormal phenomena have been created . in fact , no one should be blamed for the phenomena .
this kind of democratic movement , which is innately insufficient , naturally has left with many sequels .
one of the most serious problems is this : it is very easy that a democratic movement is turned into a ruffian movement [ pi zi yun dong 4028 1311 6663 0520 ] or an opportunity for some people to change their own situation .
it will be very easy for many sincerer people to change their political attitude from extremely enthusiastic to sternly cool one .
when lord ye saw the real dragon thrusting in its head through the window of his study and its tail moving in his palace , he was frightened out of the house for his life .
clearly , what lord ye loved was not the real dragons . ] many chinese intellectuals long for the advent of democracy ; but they fear that once democracy indeed arrives , it will cause an inevitable social calamity , thus destroying the results of progress that society has achieved .
the chinese people 's political consultative conference has been resuming its role . people have paid more attention to the calls of the national people 's congress . various laws have been promulgated . lawyers who specialize in different legal domains have begun to be an indispensable part of our social life .
during the course of economic development , china successfully achieved a soft landing .
for example , some primary and middle schools place undue emphasis on the rate of pupils advancing to higher grades , burden pupils with heavy schoolwork , and slacken ideological education , thereby giving rise to adverse consequences .
the recent string of vicious incidents involving some primary and middle school pupils and their parents have caused concern among the people .
at a time when people are worried , comrade jiang zemin gave a " talk concerning educational issues . "
the talk shows strategic insight and has rich substance and far - reaching significance .
to study and act on the spirit of the talk , first and foremost , it is necessary to deeply understand the extreme importance of comrade jiang zemin 's talk .
comrade jiang zemin 's call for approaching educational issues " from the perspective of the rise or fall of a nation 's fortunes and national rejuvenation " has enlightened us .
we should never develop education at the expense of the younger generation 's ideological and political quality ; otherwise , the future of the country as a whole , not just that of a generation or several generations of young people , will be adversely affected .
schools are not the only one to blame for the various problems associated with some young people ; these problems also reflect the influences of society .
treating education as an integrated system will help mobilize all sectors of society to show concern and support for education and to promote educational reform and development .
educational administrative departments and schools at all levels must steadfastly implement the educational policy of " making education serve the socialist cause and combining education with social practice , " and devote great efforts to improving school administration .
to study and act on the spirit of the talk , it is necessary to fully recognize the importance and urgency of " reducing the course load " of primary and middle school pupils .
comrade jiang zemin said : " the rise or fall of a nation 's fortunes depends on education ; the vigorous development of education is the responsibility of all the people . "
the broad ranks of young pupils are the future and hope of our nation .
their healthy growth and all - around development have a direct impact on the success of our endeavors and on china 's bright prospects in the 21 st century .
he has been devoted to the supervision and management of banks for a long period of time , so that he acquires a higher understanding of specialized theories and financial policies .
they believed that real philosophy in a specific era represents the quintessential ideological achievements of that era and gives a concentrated expression to the spiritual essence of civilization of every specific society .
this profound scientific conclusion has not only pointed out the position and the role of philosophy in the entire human life , but has also provided a most important and most reliable clue for people to understand the historical conditions and fate of philosophy .
his remarks gave an extremely penetrating explanation to the social significance of advanced philosophy .
if the human society is to make further development , progress , and innovation , it has to , first of all , emancipate its mind and cast itself from spiritual shackles ; and only in this way can it enjoy the motive power and develop the ability to make creations .
were it not for the exposure and criticism made by modern materialist philosophy against religious theology , no one would know how many more giordano burno would have been sent to the execution ground .
as it is known to all , marx discovered the law of surplus value , and turned socialism from an utopian idea into a science , thus changing the history of the mankind .
however , the " credit " to his great contribution should also to a revolutionary change in philosophy - - his founding of historical materialism , a brand - new system of world outlook and methodology that can scientifically reveal the law of the historical development of mankind .
a comparison of the two shows clearly that the latter is a fundamental condition , which serves as the foundation and precondition of the former .
that explains the reason why the founders of our great cause , that is , the founders of marxism and their successors , have all set an extremely high value on philosophy .
to temper and enhance our ability and our level of theoretical thinking , there is no better way than studying the past history of philosophy .
in the early 1980 s , comrade deng xiaoping once criticized the trend of drowning oneself in the routine work , " knowing nothing about philosophy , " neglecting the importance of philosophy , and handling affairs with oversimplified and one - sided mentalities and work methods among some of our leading cadres .
in recent years , comrade jiang zemin published many important speeches , in which he has repeatedly urged the comrades of the whole party , especially the leading cadres of the party , to approach and strengthen their theoretical studies from the high plane of stressing on politics .
they do not understand this because they have failed to approach our cause from the high plane of an overall social development ; in other words , they still need to emancipate their minds on a constant basis .
comrade deng xiaoping said : " the cause we are currently engaged in is a brand - new cause . "
building socialism with chinese characteristics is a great pioneering undertaking without parallel in history .
judging by the requirements mentioned above , we cannot say that the task of ideological emancipation has already been completed .
at present , china 's reform has entered a difficulty - tackling stage , and its development is in the middle of a crucial moment .
to accomplish this , we need the guidance of philosophy .
to gain such an understanding on the objective law , we must rely on theoretical thinking , and this can by no means be accomplished through observations of experiences or a direct - view thinking .
everyone with sufficient experiences in life will have certain philosophical thinking , and certain concepts and methods , in his mind .
such thinking is acting on us all the time .
the point is that we should know clearly what kind of a philosophy it is ; and should ask ourselves the question as whether it is an advanced or backward , correct or erroneous , philosophy .
of course , stressing the importance of philosophy has a more extensive implication .
this refers to the role of philosophy as a foundation and guidance in the entire spiritual civilization .
philosophy is a science that deals with the outlook on the world , the history , the life , and values ; and instead of simply providing a tool for us to understanding our work in different fields , philosophy also has the task of providing necessary basic theories , concepts , and methods for the entire spiritual cultural .
in other fields of the spiritual civilization in society , such as science , culture , education , ethics , art , law , politics , and the way of daily life of the common people , we can always see the infiltration and the expression of certain philosophical thoughts , beliefs , concepts , and ways of thinking .
therefore , the conditions of philosophy will inevitably have an effect on the conditions of the spiritual civilization at a deeper level .
a man who understands and knows how to use philosophy will be a wise man , a man with a rich and happy spiritual life , for he has already taken onto a road which leads to " the realm of freedom . "
at the turn of centuries and millenniums , the human society is experiencing a most extensive and most profound change in history .
the changes in the world have brought new opportunities to the chinese nation which has a population of over 1.2 billion and enjoys an over 5,000 - year - long civilization .
this road is the product of an integration between marxism and china 's realities , and also a new creation china has made in the face of the new situation in today 's world .
during this process , we still cannot do without , but have a greater need than others , to value a flourishing and innovative growth of philosophy .
without philosophy , and without the development of marxist philosophy along with the development of our time in particular , there can hardly be any emancipation of the mind in real terms ; and without the emancipation of the mind , there can hardly be any high - level and creative work or a spiritual civilization .
to further emancipate the mind at the current critical juncture of comprehensively pushing our cause into the 21 st century , we ought to attach great importance to philosophy , promote the growth of philosophy , and give full play to the role of philosophy as " an emancipated mind . "
( this article is abridged and revised from a speech made by the author at an academic symposium named " the 50 years of philosophy in new china " in october 1999 )
a plenary meeting of the 14 th session of the national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee was held this morning to again deliberate on the npc standing committee 's decision on stepping up supervision over economic work , and the meeting approved the decision .
the decision said : the npc standing committee exercises its power to supervise the state council 's economic work according to law in order to truly perform the duty entrusted to the npc and its standing committee by the constitution and law to ensure sustained , rapid , and healthy development of the national economy .
the seventh article of the decision said : entrusted by a chairmanship meeting , relevant special committees of the npc may hold a plenary meeting to hear special reports by relevant departments of the state council .
members of the npc standing committee were of the opinion that establishment of the decision has created necessary conditions for establishing a supervision law , and will help local people 's congresses step up supervision over local economic work as well .
beijing , 1 mar ( xinhua ) - - li peng , chairman of the national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee , said here today that the upcoming third session of the ninth npc is an important meeting held at the turn of the century .
the session examined the draft work report of the npc standing committee . it decided that the draft , after having being amended in accordance with the opinions offered by members of the npc standing committee , will be submitted to the third session of the ninth npc for examination .
chairman li peng chaired and addressed the forum .
he emphasized that the marxist theory of state power is a major part of marxist political science .
china 's people 's congress system is precisely the outcome of the integration of the marxist theory of state power with the specific practice of china 's revolution .
wang huiyan , professor at jilin university , was invited to give a lecture today . the title of his lecture was " several basic issues of marxist theory of state power . "
before the lecture began , li peng made a speech .
this should become a system and be carried on because it is very important to the work of the npc standing committee .
politics belongs to the superstructure , and all of the state , political power , democracy , legal administration , rights , duties , equality , and freedom belong to the realm of politics . meanwhile , political science is a science to research political phenomena and the related laws .
to this end , senior cadres are required to study hard not only political science and economics but also the knowledge of laws , science - technology , history , and culture , particularly the marxist political science .
this is the only way to secure a correct political stand and viewpoint , to enhance their political sharpness and discernment , and to always keep sober - minded and have scientific understanding and firm confidence on the road of advance .
the cpc - led cause of building socialism with chinese characteristics is an unprecedented great cause .
also attending were he chunlin , secretary general of the npc standing committee .
he said : different countries face different situations . it is normal to have differences in our approach and means of promoting and protecting human rights , and we should handle these differences appropriately through dialogue and exchanges on an equal footing .
the overwhelming majority of asia - pacific countries have had painful experiences of being bullied by big powers in modern times . therefore these countries all the more cherish their sovereign rights and national pride .
asia - pacific countries are also one of major forces with whom the international community have vigorously promoted dialogue and exchanges in recent years . the asia - pacific human rights workshop is a concrete manifestation of such spirit of cooperation based on equality .
qian qichen stressed that asia - pacific countries should strengthen their joint actions in realizing economic , social , and cultural rights as well as development rights .
we cannot simply copy from foreign countries when learning from their experiences . only by following our own country 's characteristics and our people 's needs , and adopting appropriate measures that suit local situations , can we effectively expand and improve democracy , and promote and strengthen the rule of law .
universality does not mean blind identity . all measures that can truly promote and protect human rights and all organizations and plans that can play an effective role should be encouraged and given recognition .
the enormous vitality shown by china today reflects in a lively manner the fact that the chinese people have vast room to freely and democratically give play to their creativity .
the asia - pacific human rights workshop is an important forum where asia - pacific countries discuss how to strengthen cooperation on human rights in the asia - pacific region .
the meeting elected wang guangya , chinese vice minister of foreign affairs , to be the chairman .
hong kong , 1 march (zts) - - in china , embezzlement and bribe - taking cases of government officials happen from time to time , and the situation of anticorruption is still grave .
to administer the country , it is first of all necessary to administer the party whose affairs must be strictly administered , and in this respect it is fist of all necessary to do a good job of administering leadership teams and leading cadres , jiang zemin pointed out .
according to reports , " emphasizing three things " education has been concluded for the current phase at the level of central ministries and departments , the provincial and municipal level , and the department and bureau level , but " emphasizing three things " education is still being carried out at the county ( city ) level nationwide .
the county ( city ) level occupies the important position of linking the lower levels with the upper levels in the cpc 's organization structure , the government structure of the state , and overall work and is also an important foundation for china 's economic development , social stability , and the solidity of state power .
therefore , it is of special , great significance to do a good job of carrying out " emphasizing three things " education at the over 2,000 counties ( cities ) nationwide .
immediately after the spring festival , the seven members of the standing committee of the political bureau of the cpc central committee went to different provinces and municipalities to conduct inspections , investigations , and study and to personally speak to county - level leadership teams on " emphasizing three things . "
this year will be a critical year for achieving objectives of anticorruption work set by the 15 th cpc congress , and the cpc top leadership has called for focusing on prevention at the sources and rectification , so as to produce new achievements in party conduct and clean government construction and in the anticorruption struggle .
the communique of the fourth plenary meeting of the central disciplinary inspection commissions also said that it was necessary to concentrate forces , so as to break a number of big , major cases .
currently central judicial departments are investigating the extra - large smuggling case of the yuanhua company of xiamen , a case in which the deputy secretary of the cpc municipal committee and the deputy mayor were involved in the case ; the results of the investigation may be announced shortly .
in fact , to eliminate sources of corruption , the authorities have already adopted a series of measures .
according to a source , to regularize anticorruption struggle , the national people 's congress session this year will , in addition to adopting decisions on supervising economic work , also consider area - specific supervision laws and the issue of establishing effective and practicable supervision mechanisms , so as to gradually implement clean government construction .
zhou yongkang , former minister of land and resources , was appointed secretary of the sichuan provincial cpc committee prior to this .
tian fengshan , who was born in zhaoyuan county , heilongjiang province , took part in work since july 1961 and joined the cpc in march 1970 .
in 1964 , he concluded his study at the xian second artillery technical academy of the people 's liberation army and became a teacher , secretary of the party committee of the commune , director of the revolutionary committee , and deputy secretary of the party committee , and deputy head , of zhaoyuan county , his hometown .
he has great ability in organization and coordination work , has rich experience in leadership work , has seriously implemented the principle of democratic centralism , has the style of going deep into matters , and is an appropriate person for the post of minister of land and resources .
beijing , 1 mar ( xinhua ) - - decision of the national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee on strengthening supervision over economic work adopted at the 14 th standing committee meeting of the ninth npc on 1 march 2000 .
the draft annual national economic and social development plan , draft five - year plan , and draft long - term plan formulated by the state council should be submitted to the npc standing committee one month before the npc session is held . 3 .
whenever necessary , the npc standing committee may hear , examine , and discuss the state council 's special reports on economic work .
the npc standing committee should supervise the implementation of the national economic and social development plan .
the financial and economic committee should hold plenary meetings in the first half of april , july , and october to hear , analyze , and study the reports given by relevant state council departments on the economic operations of the first quarter , the first half , and the first three quarters of the year . 9 .
when the npc standing committee holds a meeting to examine and discuss the items listed in this decision , the state council should provide relevant information and explanations in a timely manner whenever necessary and send state council responsible officials or responsible officials of relevant departments to attend the meeting to hear opinions and answer questions .
the ministry of land and resources has already sent the inspection report to the respective departments in charge for their further studies , and relevant departments have also put forward their preliminary opinions on work improvements .
he pointed out : this inspection shows the implementation of the system of multi - party cooperation and political consultations under the cpc leadership , and has proved to be a good way for democratic parties and non - party personages to participate in state affairs .
in recent years , the work of protecting and making rational use of national land and resources has undergone further improvements .
the " law of the people 's republic of china for the protection of the marine environment , " which was promulgated by the npc not long ago , will be of great significance in promoting a sustainable growth in marine resources .
in view of this , we must unremittingly educate our vast numbers of cadres , especially party and government leaders at all levels , on the policies and laws that are designed for the protection and rational use of resources , so as to enhance their understanding on the importance of this task .
we should tighten control over the implementation of land resource plans .
at present , out of their local and immediate interests , some localities have illegally occupied farmland for other purposes under all sorts of different pretexts , and have issued land - use and mineral - production licenses beyond their authority .
deepening scientific and technological training is a pressing task for the training of the whole army and preparations made for military struggles .
it is the sacred mission of the whole army to defend the country 's security , unification , and territorial integrity .
as future wars will be fought under hi - tech conditions , we should train our soldiers in the hi - tech background .
we must closely associate our military training with our army 's preparations for military struggles , strive to deepen scientific and technological training , make efforts to improve the troops ' combat effectiveness with science and technology , and ensure that our troops can " win wars . "
the editorial pointed out that training soldiers with science and technology is a deep reform representing a milestone in the history of our military training .
it should be noted that military training is the basic way to produce and enhance combat effectiveness in the peaceful period and that it would be very difficult to achieve a leap forward in the quality of military training only through increasing the intensity and prolonging the time of training .
to change ways of increasing combat effectiveness and follow a new road of training and development , the only choice is to seek combat effectiveness through science and technology .
the difficulty with respect to china 's modernization does not lie in the east , but rather in the west .
and the important way station in china 's modernization may well turn out to lie in the western region .
this view was made public by wang mengkui in his talk at a recent seminar .
according to wang mengkui , our nation is a large developing country with extensive border regions ; because there exist great inequalities between the prevailing conditions for and basis of economic development in these various regions , the challenges presented by and the pace of realizing modernization in each place are also different .
we should be prepared to concentrate on the issue of opening up the west for the duration of the 21 st century .
speaking about the phased nature of opening up the west , wang mengkui stated that the opening up of the western region requires careful planning , an ordered sequence and gradual steps .
wang mengkui said that opening up the west requires expansion of the functions of government ; this point is a certainty .
questions that need further investigation are : what are the resources that can be provided by government ?
what policies can be applied by government ?
increasing the dynamics of shifted payment will provide much more support to infrastructure construction in the western region ; this is something that is already underway at the national level , and will without doubt continue .
beijing , 1 march ( xinhua ) - - after accomplishing all the agenda satisfactorily , the 14 th meeting of the standing committee of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] concluded today in the great hall of the people .
the meeting today also passed in principle the draft work report of the npc standing committee . the draft work report will be revised at the chairmanship meeting in line with the opinions proposed by standing committee members , and then being submitted to the third session of the ninth npc .
the appointment and removal of the minister of land and natural resources and other personnel were also approved at the meeting .
he said : the standing committee meeting reexamined and approved the decision of the npc standing committee on strengthening economic supervision .
the decision summed up the basic experiences of the npc standing committee over the past years in economic supervision , adopted the opinions posed at the first examination meeting , and suggested practical methods for carrying out the work in this respect .
the decision is of great importance in terms of manifesting the npc standing committee 's performance of duty enshrined by the constitution and the law , in enhancing and standardizing the supervision over the government 's economic work , and in ensuring the national economy to develop in a sustained , rapid , and healthy manner .
li peng held , since reform and opening up , china 's culture market has witnessed great development , but faced some problems that should be quickly resolved as well .
it is imperative for us to improve the management of culture market , and steer it to a correct direction with a proper handling of the relationship between the development of culture market and social advancement , the relationship between social benefits and economic returns , and the relationship between the culture market 's prosperity and management .
li peng said : another important task of the meeting was to prepare for the third session of the ninth people 's congress .
the third session of the ninth npc will be an important meeting at the turn of the century .
the standing committee members should take the initiative to receive supervision from the people 's congress . standing committee members should listen to deputies ' opinions modestly in a bid to improve the work of the standing committee hereafter and honor the duty enshrined by the constitutions and laws in a down - to - earth manner .
thank you mr. chairman , thank you all for graciously attending this seminar .
my own life is linked to the cause of china 's reforms .
the fact that reform is the main topic of this seminar today is a tremendous honor for mew , and also a spur to me .
i will now give my own observations in reviewing the more than 20 years of reform in china and will also look toward the future of the reforms ; please make your criticisms .
china 's reforms have achieved very great success .
the basic yardstick of this success is that the outline of a market economy based on mixed ownership has now emerged .
take industry , for instance ; the output value of state enterprises in industry as a whole declined from 78 percent in 1978 to 33 percent last year , while the share of non - state - owned economy has risen from 22.2 percent to 67 percent .
under the impetus of market forces , china 's economy has developed at flying speed in the past 20 years , and living standards have risen everywhere ; this point is recognized by the world .
we must also realize however that from the angle of changing the pattern of resource allocation , we have not yet made the big breakthrough in reform .
the 14 th party congress specifically pointed out that the basic content of economic reform is to change the pattern of resource allocation and switch from planned economy to market economy which exploits the basic nature of the market in resource allocation .
although the proportion of state - owned economy in gdp is not high now , being only about one - third , in terms of the amount of economic resources it takes up , state - owned economy still occupies the main position .
and the reform of the state - owned economy is by no means satisfactory , and we are very far from being able to say that the market is now playing a basic role in this part of resource allocation .
for instance , the system root of the problem of " duplicate construction " which we have discussed a great deal and which greatly concerns the government lies in the fact that state - owned economy has not been fundamentally reformed and reorganized , and occupies the most important position in resource control .
we could cite many similar problems ; for instance , the lowering of the efficiency of state - owned economy leads to fragility in the financial system , and so on .
that the income level and living standards of the peasants cannot be improved has now become a serious economic and social problem .
how can they be enabled to get rich ?
from the viewpoint of economics , a key condition is to shift 150 to 200 million surplus rural laborers to nonagricultural occupations .
it is because our industry and commerce lack creative vitality , or else their vitality has not been exploited .
there are two aspects to this question , one is that state - owned economy has not been fundamentally revamped , and the other is that non - state - owned economy has not been properly developed .
why did this state of affairs come about ?
i think an important reason is that some people possess extremely complex and deep - rooted vested interests in the old state - owned economy .
in particular , the cream of society has major interests in the old state - owned economy .
thus , we will encounter very great resistance in reforming and reorganizing state - owned economy and developing non - state - owned economy .
i recently spent some time in hungary .
is there a similar problem in china ?
in addition , in 1984 the third plenary session of the 12 th cpc central committee issued the famous " decision of the cpc central committee on reform of the economic system . "
reforms in this respect , however , have not proceeded very smoothly .
as everyone knows , in line with the " three benefits " principle , the 15 th party congress decided to readjust and perfect the ownership structure of the national economy and establish the basic economic system for a long time to come .
last year 's fourth plenary session of the 15 th cpc central committee made the guidelines of the 15 th party congress more specific .
it should be said that the guidelines and policies of the cpc central committee and the chinese government are correct , and the problem now is to implement them .
in the past two years a phenomenon has existed which causes anxiety , that is , there is a trend in the state - owned departments to neglect reform and reorganization and to enthusiastically engage in " rushing to the ministries for money . "
if , however , this is turned into a long - term policy for mobilizing nongovernmental resources and saving state enterprises , this will cause a whole series of negative microeconomic and macroeconomic consequences .
in addition , using this method over a long period will excessively increase the treasury burden and threaten economic and social stability .
what are the ways out for us in these circumstances ?
all this work is very arduous .
what is the correct guideline for resolving these problems ?
however we nave not done anything like enough regarding what practical steps to take to ensure true vitality for our native economy .
unless we break through these areas of misunderstanding , it will be very hard to implement the decisions of the 15 th party congress and the fourth plenary session of the 15 th central committee .
according to the spirit of the 15 th party congress and the fourth plenary session of the 15 th central committee , there are two things that must be done : first , completely let go those state - owned medium - sized and small enterprises in places where they have not been completely let go .
we are glad that a number of regions have now emerged that have implemented the central policies and guidelines relatively well , with the result that their economy is flourishing and there is full employment and social stability .
for example , this new atmosphere has emerged in most parts of zhejiang province .
since these areas where objective conditions are not particularly good can achieve this , other areas where conditions are better can naturally do the same .
from this angle , the prospects for china 's development are optimistic .
the meeting stressed that the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core has placed the task of strengthening and improving the ideological and political work before the whole party as a major issue of an overall , strategic , and leading significance .
we must act in line with the requirement of general secretary jiang : the more we need to deepen reform , expand the scope of opening up , and develop a socialist market economy , the more we should set a great value on and should strengthen the ideological and political work .
we should keep to a correct orientation in our work , give wide publicity to the main theme of our time , carry forward and develop healthy trends in society , and occupy the front of mass culture with healthy and beneficial activities .
exhibition halls , museums , science museums , libraries , cultural centers , cinemas , entertainment venues , and tourist spots are all required to propagate a spiritual civilization , oppose feudal and superstitious ideas , and resist vulgar interests .
the meeting urged efforts to summarize a number of advanced models and experiences in the ideological and political work .
it is necessary to organize the publication of a batch of articles that carry a lot of weight and enjoy great profundity , with a view to providing clear and persuasive answers to the specific questions that are concerned by the masses .
ding guangen stressed : the " three - stresses " education has a vital importance to the future and the fate of the party ; to the overall situation of reform , development , and stability ; and to the great cause of rejuvenation of our nation .
beijing , march 1 - - the taiwan authorities have been using every means in their power to purchase " western weapons " in large quantities . after nearly 20 years of spare - no - expense military purchases , taiwan 's troops are indeed equipped with a large quantity of advanced arms and equipment .
however , if war breaks out because of taiwan 's quest for independence , these western weapons will not be able to play a decisive role in cross - strait military conflicts .
the practice of modern wars as well as historical experience and lessons both show that a couple of new weapons cannot stop the advance of history .
these were comments made by wang weixing , a research fellow at the institute of strategic studies of the academy of military science .
today 's jiefangjun bao devoted a full page to this interview , entitled " western weapons cannot stop the reunification of the motherland . "
wang weixing said : on the surface , the weaponry of taiwan 's troops appears quite well - developed in terms of scale and systems .
however , if we analyze it more carefully , we will discover that very little of its weapons , particularly hi - tech weapons , are locally manufactured . most of them were acquired from western countries . the most striking problem about them is that they come in many varieties and have different origins .
depletion is alarming in modern hi - tech wars . the more advanced the weaponry , the greater the depletion due to destruction from attacks and the war itself .
if the " pro - independence " splittist forces are bent on splitting the motherland and war breaks out as a result , the weaponry of taiwan 's troops simply cannot afford the depletion .
moreover , since taiwan cannot make any of the hi - tech weapons , the initiative to make replenishments is in the hands of others .
it has no say in the matter at all .
taiwan 's geographical environment is such that it is impossible to bring the maximum capability of high - performance weapons into play .
on the close links between the military purchases of the taiwan authorities and the pace of li teng - hui 's quest for taiwan 's independence , he pointed out : put more plainly , military purchases out of political objectives are political gambles by li teng - hui and a handful of irresponsible politicians .
first , they are doing their best to please the united states by making military purchases and trying to drag the americans down into the water by putting more money in their pocket .
they are hoping to obstruct the reunification of the motherland by forming an alliance with the united states and japan . second , they are trying to highlight us support and assistance to the taiwan authorities through us arms sales to taiwan in order to deceive the public .
the taiwan authorities spent more than us $ 43 billion on arms purchases over the past two decades . on this question , wang weixing said : the money spent by the taiwan authorities on arms purchases is essentially the hard - earned money of people on both sides of the strait .
the taiwan authorities are doing the biggest blaspheme against peaceful cross - strait trade and hurling the biggest insult at the chinese people on both sides of the strait by purchasing arms to split the motherland and seeking independence .
there were three deputies dismissed , namely , han jingchang from jiangxi , zhang kuntong from henan , and yu guoxin from guangxi .
this announcement was hereby published . [ signed ] npc standing committee [ dated ] 1 march 2000
moscow , 1 mar ( xinhua ) - - a joint communiqu on the visit of russia by the foreign minister of the people 's republic of china was published on 1 march in moscow .
full text of the communiqu as follows : at the invitation of igor ivanov , foreign minister of the russian federation , tang jiaxuan , foreign minister of the people 's republic of china , made an official visit to the russian federation between 28 february and 1 march 2000 .
vladmir putin , acting president and premier of the russian federation , met with foreign minister tang jiaxuan .
tang jiaxuan handed a letter from jiang zemin , the president of the people 's republic of china , to putin .
both sides reaffirmed that there would be another sino - russian summit meeting this year .
both sides agreed to make earnest preparations to achieve marked and practical results in the regular meetings between the sino - russian premiers .
during the talks , tang jiaxuan and ivanov satisfactorily pointed out that the mutual cooperation between china and russia was not directed at third countries and that such a cooperation would increasingly become a major factor promoting a multi - polar world and the establishment of a just and reasonable international order .
both sides stressed that any acts that aim at undermining sovereign nations ' territorial integrity are unacceptable .
both sides pointed out that maintaining global strategic stability under the present situation is of special significance to safeguard world peace .
both sides agreed to continuously enhance and deepen the two countries ' cooperation in this area .
the two countries ' foreign ministers reaffirmed that the two nations have consensus on the issue of ensuring security and stability in their peripheral regions , such as asia - pacific , central asia and south asia .
both sides expressed the willingness to comprehensively promote the cooperation within the framework of the " shanghai five . "
china and russia support the active organizational efforts made by asia - pacific regions in maintaining regional security . the two countries reaffirmed their support for the call of some countries in asia in creating non - nuclear weapon zones .
tang jiaxuan and ivanov signed the " agreement between the government of the people 's republic of china and the government of the russian federation on the exchange of visits by the two countries ' citizens . "
with pleasure , ivanov accepted the invitation for the visit , whose date will be decided by diplomatic channels .
dai xianglong said : in recent years , the banking sector has steadily increased its credit support to the western regions .
dai xianglong emphasized that since the strategy of developing the western regions is a long - term and complicated project of systems engineering , everything must be done in accordance with objective laws .
in keeping with the state 's policy of increasing financial investment to infrastructure construction in the western regions , commercial banks should be positively urged to subscribe treasury bonds and grant supporting loans in a timely manner .
positive steps should be taken to issue tuition loans and housing loans to students to promote personnel training .
fifth , supporting economic cooperation between the eastern and western regions and promoting the opening of the economy of the western regions to the outside world .
the gun fired , and the girl fell drenched in blood .
she was kayla rolland , a six - year old first - grader .
however , the one who killed her is not a vicious adult criminal , but a boy classmate of the same age .
the appalling news shocked the whole country .
in may of the same year , at a high school in georgia , a student opened fire and wounded six schoolmates .
" the gun - related disasters at schools are more dangerous than tigers . " this is the true portrayal of tragic cases at schools today and has become a serious issue of human rights in the united states now .
according to us mass media , at least one serious criminal case took place in 10 percent of schools in the united states each year and more and more cases involved gunshots .
from 1985 to 1995 , the number of juvenile criminal cases increased by 200 percent , of which gunshot cases increased by 300 percent .
in 1997 , 6,044 gun - killing cases involved youngsters from 15 to 24 years old .
the gun - shooting crimes committed by american youngsters , including those by children , are the direct evil consequence of an overflow of guns .
in recent years , the broad masses of american people strongly called for banning guns . nevertheless , their appeals were obstructed by the american rifle association , which has great economic power and political backing .
the violent culture and environment in the united states bring on the frequent gunshots on campus .
according to another study , a child in the united states will have seen 40,000 " performing " killers and 200,000 theatrical violent actions when reaching the age of 18 .
experts of the mental disease institute of yale university made a survey of 107 american youngsters and found that 51 percent of them admitted that they had encountered one or more instances of violence in their neighborhood and 12 percent of them said they had been attacked or threatened by guns and knives .
the frequent happenings of campus disasters have , in one aspect , deeply exposed the worrisome human rights situation in the united states .
an ironic thing was that , shortly before the disaster at buell elementary school , the us government released its annual " country reports on human rights practices . "
the report criticizes human rights situation in other countries and stops at nothing to attack other countries , while not uttering a single word about its own deteriorating human rights situation .
this has fully exposed the dual standards and hypocritical nature of the united states on the issue of human rights and can only be ridiculed by people in the world .
beijing , 1 march ( xinhua ) - - the chinese - language internet portal operator - - the sohu company - - and the mobile telephone supplier - - the nokia company - - signed an agreement in beijing today on a joint bid to provide upgraded mobile internet service to mobile telephone users in china .
this marks a great advance in the application of chinese - language mobile internet technology .
according to the agreement , both sides will actively establish a nokia wap ( wireless application protocol ) platform for mobile internet service and the sohu company will be responsible for providing the platform with network information content .
this cooperation will enable mobile telephone users in china to rapidly download the sohu website , acquire real - time information in fields , such as news , finance , and leisure , and complete mobile electronic commercial deals through handsets .
moreover , the upgraded mobile internet service will help further upgrade or improve traditional technologies so that the users also can get information and service when they are not on - line and thus greatly enhance the practical function of mobile internet service .
it has been reported that china has more than 400 million mobile telephone users at present and moreover , the number of the users is expanding continuously every year .
the ministry of education issued a notice today calling on the educational front to conscientiously study , deeply understand , and resolutely implement the spirit of the " remarks " and to strive to create a new situation in china 's educational reform and development .
it is necessary to conscientiously study the situation with young students ' thinking and moral characters in the new situation ; to conduct education on patriotism , collectivism , and socialism ; and to help students foster accurate world outlook and accurate outlook on life and value .
the ministry points out that with the focus on improving teachers ' moral characters and work styles , we should realistically strengthen the construction of the contingent of teachers and make ceaseless efforts to improve teachers ' ideological and political quality and professional ability .
it is imperative to further expand the dynamics of lightening the excessive heavy burdens of primary and middle school students and to comprehensively improve the educational and teaching quality .
the ministry notes that we should pay high attention to family education so as to acquire the support and cooperation of students ' parents .
the ministry stresses that education is a systems engineering .
the party and society as a whole should show concern over and support the work of strengthening and improving education .
extra - school educational institutions , such as children 's palaces , should conduct rich and useful extracurricular activities for young students .
it is now time for thoroughly resolving the issue of giving permanent normal trade relations to china .
he said : both the us government and enterprises have paid great attention to and supported the issue of giving permanent normal trade relations to china and have done much positive work . president clinton has also designated commerce secretary daley as the chief negotiator to take charge of this work .
sun zhenyu said that he believed that this issue would be rapidly resolved through the efforts of all sides .
in view of the fact that the us congressmen are more concerned about the issue of china carrying out bilateral trade and agricultural agreements , sun zhenyu said : china has already started carrying out the bilateral trade agreement and conducting special training for personnel and has checked and amended the existing regulations , systems and laws .
in the implementation of the agricultural agreement , china has done much work . after sending an orange delegation to california for observation , china also sent the wheat delegation to montana for observation and signed a contract on importing 5,000 tonnes of wheat from the united states .
this is the first time for the chinese government to import wheat from the western part of the united states , indicating the chinese government 's sincerity in carrying out the agreement .
sun zhenyu was invited by the us department of commerce to attend the three - day sino - us commercial discussions with an aim to preparing for the ministerial meeting of the joint committee of the sino - us business council to be held in beijing on 6 - 7 april .
shanghai , 2 mar ( xinhua ) - - two grand talent exchange fairs were held in shanghai a few days ago . for a while , many merchants and professionals gathered in shanghai , making the city bustling and thriving .
seeking the most excellent professionals is our urgent task to actively enter the chinese market , " said pu xiaojun , senior manager of the human resources department of the ( china ) lucent technologies , who specially came from beijing to personally advertise for talented persons .
instead of spreading advertisement data , many foreign - invested enterprises participating in these talent exchange fairs simply , clearly , and vividly displayed their images by showing pictures and eye - catching charts with videos .
" we do not set employment quotas . no matter how many they are , all the talents will be employed , as long as they are outstanding and are needed by our corporation , " said a pertinent responsible person of shenzhen huawei technology corporation .
the shanghai municipal overseas service corporation , a large state - owned corporation specialized in providing human resources and service for foreign - invested enterprises and agencies , sent last year some 23,000 employees to foreign enterprises and helped 300 - plus foreign agencies settle down in shanghai .
shen jianguo said : " foreign enterprises are entering shanghai at an obviously quickened pace .
the only way to satisfy their market demands is to build up an even bigger and brisker " reservoir " of talented people . " this reporter met zhang jie , a master degree candidate of tongji university in shanghai , at the crowded talent exchange fair .
this student majoring in information management , who is about to graduate this year , has finally signed , through repeated observations , a contract with datang telecommunications and technological corporation .
he said with feeling that the talent market was been increasingly open and job opportunities are increasing , but the requirements of employers are increasingly high .
wang shaochang , deputy head of the shanghai municipal personnel bureau , told this reporter that shanghai invited 7,000 professionals of various kinds from abroad last year , some 2,000 more than in the previous year .
and , the ranks of returned students initiating enterprises and consulting agencies in china have also expanded by 10 percent these years . he added that only by opening wide the door and setting up a vast stage for talent exchange and training can shanghai consistently enhance its international competitiveness .
this matter goes beyond a theoretical debate and becomes a major issue that directly puts the fate of the world 's six billion people at risk .
does the idea " human rights are above sovereignty " really stand to reason ? a brief analysis exposes that idea is not only specious but also absolutely untenable .
the state belongs to the people and the state sovereignty is the collective human rights of the people of a country .
losing sovereignty means loss of human rights .
patriotism has always been most revered by the people .
this is because the disaster of losing sovereignty far exceeds that of class oppression .
disaster does not hit a particular group only . when it strikes , no one can escape unscathed .
therefore to enjoy human rights , one must first of all have sovereignty .
the chinese people and people of other developing countries have known that without sovereignty there would be no human rights ; they have suffered from it and have taken the path of first striving for sovereignty before improving human rights .
deng xiaoping said : " honestly speaking , state rights are more important than human rights .
that is to say that the act of one country 's violation of another country 's sovereignty is no longer the main danger to the international security .
unjust and unreasonable international political order and international economic order are the most striking facts .
economic globalization has become a justifiable reason to violate another country 's sovereignty .
the new york times on 24 april 1999 noted that economic globalization has caused " the inevitable and voluntary weakening of the state sovereignty by the global economic juggernaut . "
economic globalization is often described as a double - edged sword with its accompanying pros and cons .
but now it does not equally treat all the countries ; it greatly favors some developed countries .
such unequal and unjust order seriously jeopardizes international peace and security and hurts the human rights of several billions of people in the world .
this is several times more serious than the acts of violation of human rights in some countries .
faced with such inequality and injustice , maintaining sovereignty becomes even more important to small and weak countries .
it is no wonder that the algerian president uttered at the united nations that " sovereignty is our last line of defense against an unequal world system . "
the state is a product of the development of human society .
it helps maintain certain " order " among people with different interests ; avoids the destruction of itself and society in clashes ; and externally it maintains sovereignty and guards against foreign aggression .
although individuals form a state , an individual cannot survive without the state .
marxists hold that a state may fall but that is the result of a future society .
at this stage , an individual cannot survive without the state .
if the state does not exist , what will people become ?
it will be in a state of anarchy . people will be led astray and become stateless . or people will become other country 's slaves .
in whichever condition , there will be no protection of people 's life , dignity , and freedom and people will lose the value as human beings .
that is why we chinese often say there will be no homes without a country .
some western countries describe the violation of another country 's sovereignty on the pretext of human rights as " not a dispute over interests but a fight over value . "
the value that is dear to the west can only be value in some western countries .
when talking about the war against the federal republic of yugoslavia , us president clinton said that the united states has " won a victory for our democratic value concepts and for an even stronger united states . "
those rich countries " think that they have done the right thing but other countries consider that a threat to their own security . "
what will the putting into practice of the " new interventionism " under the excuse of " human rights are above sovereignty " lead to ?
but as many acts involving human rights and as the line to decide on what is wrong and what is right remains blurred , the international community has yet to reach a consensus over that .
french daily " le figaro " wrote on 22 june 1999 : " as there has been so far not a single political organization that can determine the progress of the matter , a country 's sovereignty is thus trampled upon . "
as a matter of fact , western countries set the " standard . "
on 5 july 1999 , the us boston globe wrote , " countries are told that if they do not abide by the western standards , they incur the risk of interference . "
it is only the special privilege of a small number of western countries that interfere in other countries ' internal affairs under the pretext of " human rights are above sovereignty . " to be sure , small and weak countries do violate human rights .
some big and powerful western countries also violate human rights , some of them quite serious .
in fact , some already openly advocated practicing imperialism .
" the united states and nato have practically turned their backs on the stipulations of the un charter that strictly restrict international intervention in regional conflicts ( the may - june 1999 issue of the bimonthly foreign affairs ) .
to negate the un charter , some in the west even absurdly maintained that the un charter and the " world declaration on human rights " are contradictory .
britain 's new statesman on 9 april 1999 wrote that even if there is no basic contradiction between the stipulations of world order in the un charter and the rights expounded in the " world declaration of human rights " there also exists at least conflicts between the two .
whereas the charter forbids the use of force to violate a state 's sovereignty , the declaration guarantees the right of an individual to fight against a tyrannical state .
this is really incredible .
this shows that the united nations has the responsibility and right to stop any acts , including violation of human rights , which put international peace and security at risk . this also demonstrates that it is up to the united nations , not to any country , to decide on which acts endanger international peace and security .
therefore those who blame the un charter for giving protection to acts of human rights violation is nothing but an excuse .
the us chicago tribune stated that rather explicitly in an article published on 6 june 1999 : " a thorough change is taking place with regard to the concept of sovereignty over the past 10 years .
like it or not , the united states , the only superpower in the world , must assume leadership responsibility .
it follows that the united states must involve itself in every intervention act one way or another in the world . "
the paper continued : " if we want security at home , we must exercise leadership abroad . "
britain 's new statesman weekly on 9 april 1999 stated in an even explicit manner : " the united states has long waged an open campaign against international laws and the un charter . "
the articles cited above revealed the secrets of the call of " human rights are above sovereignty . "
first , the crux of the argument of " human rights are above sovereignty " is that sovereignty of a country can be violated .
second , countries that advocate and practice the argument " human rights are above sovereignty " are no other than " former colonial powers " ( to borrow the phrase of the french daily " le figaro " ) .
a country whose sovereignty is violated should be deeply grateful for the good deeds done by the violator country . if it does not understand that or even raises an objection , it is ungrateful and deserve death by thousand cuts !
the eighth workshop on regional cooperation for the promotion and protection of human rights in the asia - pacific region , which was jointly sponsored by the chinese government and the office of the united nations high commissioner for human rights , was held in beijing from 1 - 3 march .
in a letter of congratulations to the workshop , chinese president jiang zemin said : it is an important task facing the international community to further strengthen international cooperation in the field of human rights and promote the development of the international cause of human rights in the new century .
we have both opportunities and challenges .
although we have differences on the issue of human rights due to different national conditions , we share common goals in promoting and protecting human rights . all countries should conduct dialogues and exchanges in the spirit of equality and respect to deepen mutual understanding , narrow differences , and expand common ground and seek common progress .
human rights , which is a historic product , represents a concept of development . it is a common aspiration of all mankind to promote the progress of the undertaking of human rights .
different countries have different focuses and methods to achieve their goals of human rights . in light of its own national situation , each country sets its own key goal of human rights to achieve . this action itself represents an item of basic human rights .
the chinese government has always attached great importance to human rights . in light of the universal principle of human rights and its concrete situation , it has made tremendous efforts to continuously promote the cause of human rights in china .
so long as china continues to follow the road of development that is in line with its national situation , china will achieve major progress in its social and economic development and the chinese people will enjoy an even higher level of human rights .
china has signed the international covenant on economic , social and cultural rights as well as the international covenant on civil rights and political rights . now relevant departments of the chinese government have made active preparations for the approval of these two covenants .
although countries in the asia - pacific region do not share a common position and viewpoint regarding human rights , it is obvious that they have more common points than differences .
china has been consistent in its position regarding the issue of human rights . china 's position has been to carry out dialogue and cooperation on the basis of equal consultation .
economic car competition has become more acute generally speaking , economic cars are referred to those cars whose prices are less than 10,000 yuan and the air displacement of engines is less than 1.3 liters .
because these cars are cheap , economical and practical , they have strong competitiveness in the rental car and household car markets .
in particular , if the fuel tax can be formally put into implementation this year , then , economic cars may probably get the greatest profits .
we cannot deny that at present china 's economic cars still have these characteristics , namely the structure of demand is fairly unitary , relying too much on the rental car and household cars markets .
last year , under the situation in which other types of cars showed no noticeable decline in their prices , there was an acute price war among china 's economic cars . this indirectly showed that the market demand for economic cars was not brisk .
experts said that viewed from a long - term basis , naturally , the prospects for china 's economic cars will be vast , but this does not imply that the economic cars market has completely started .
according to statistics , in five years , from 1988 to 1992 , the medium - and - high - class cars accounted for 12 percent of the number of cars used by civilians in china on average . however , by 1998 , the average number of these cars dropped to eight percent or so .
bieke and yage , the two brand - new car models introduced to the world market are more competitive in prices as compared with cars of the same category in foreign countries .
so , they have effectively stimulated the growth of china 's car market . meanwhile , the consumption structure of cars in china has gradually changed from mainly institutional purchase to mainly individual purchase to meet various demands . the increasing rise in the ratio of individual purchase of cars has determined the pattern of china 's car market .
that is , economic cars and medium - class cars should be the leading car models in the market . in spite of this , the technical level , manufacturing quality , the marketing idea , and the sales pattern of yage , bieke and audi a6 have brought fresh air to china 's car market .
most of these cars are produced by certain regions or enterprises , so the products can only be confined to economic cars or to sales only in a province .
should its subordinates get in touch with the ministry of state security , they will be considered as violating the law of heaven .
using other identities as disguise , personnel of the ministry of state security engage in intelligence gathering and infiltration activities . in hong kong , state security special agents have conducted their activities silently for many years .
on 1 february , in defiance of the chinese people 's strong objection and the overall situation of sino - us relations , the us house of representatives passed the so - called " taiwan security enhancement act " with 341 votes ( including 200 republicans , 141 democrats ) versus 70 votes .
this bill was initially proposed by jesse helms , chairman of the us senate foreign relations committee , and senator robert torricelli on 24 march 1999 .
faced with the tense cross - strait situation after the birth of the " two state theory " , the us executive branch , in order not to provoke already worsened sino - us relations , once explicitly expressed its objection to this bill , thus making it shelved for a while .
this time , the us congress , in defiance of the repeated warnings by the chinese government and the righteous strength at home , acted against the current of history and passed this notorious bill , the main driving force came from taiwan authorities ' bribes .
in the name list of senators and congressmen with whom the cassidy company is in frequent contact , half of them co - signed the " taiwan security enhancement act " in the senate and house of representatives .
it is understood that in order to expedite the introduction of the " taiwan security enhancement act " , the taiwan side last year paid the cassidy company 37 percent more public relations fees in six months , up from $ 400,000 in the second half of 1998 to $ 550,000 in the first half of 1999 .
us congress : why anti - china again and again ?
the development path of bilateral ties since the unfreezing of sino - us relations indicates that the nature of us taiwan policy has not been changed . the united states has always been the biggest obstacle to settling the taiwan issue and realizing the reunification of china .
the passage of the " taiwan relations act " not only brought sino - us relations , which had just been normalized , to the verge of retrogression , but also preset factors of instability in the development course of cross - strait relations , thus making the development of cross - strait relations something always ridden with crisis .
it is something left over in the history of sino - us relations that is contrary to the goodwill wishes of both the chinese and american peoples , so that sino - us relations entered the stage of developing amid struggle and progressing amid friction .
the us congress many times has played an ignominious role in sino - us relations and on the taiwan issue .
the adoption of the so - called [ " public law " ] [ guo nei fa 0948 0355 3127 ] towards the area of taiwan under china is obviously the united states ' wanton interference in china 's internal affairs .
but nevertheless , people have also noticed that the us government has time and again declared its objection to this bill , and president clinton has repeatedly said he " will veto this bill . "
hence , if this bill is finally passed , it will certainly aggravate the tense situation across the taiwan straits and undermine the asia - pacific region 's peace and stability .
as a spokesman of the white house said , the clinton administration would not accept this bill because it " will create instability for that region " .
the united states has also declared its stand of not supporting " taiwan independence , " not supporting " two chinas " or " one china , one taiwan " , not supporting taiwan 's accession to international organizations with country as the unit of membership .
they said : defending the people 's peace labor and safeguarding national sovereignty and territorial integrity constitute the sacred mission entrusted by the constitution on the pla as well as the most collective manifestation of the army 's basic functions during the new historical period .
the pla should always , in the past , at present , or in the future , firmly and unswervingly consider the will of the state and the nation as the supreme will and consider the interest of the state and the nation as the supreme interest .
like revolutionaries of the older generation , we will certainly not hesitate to sacrifice our all for the reunification of the state and the happiness of the people and will never allow an inch of our territory to be separated from the motherland .
this unit 's party committee has guided officers and men to conduct an extensive discussion under the title " how to win the future regional war under high - tech conditions in the face of the complicated international situation . "
they said : no matter how science and technology develop , the decisive factor for the victory or defeat always lies in the people rather than materials . what we fight for is justice , and an army dedicated to a just cause will never be defeated .
the education conducted by this unit has the prominent characteristics of regarding the education process as the process to prepare for military combat and turning the enthusiasm aroused from this education to the actual act of scientific and technological training .
during the education , officers and men of this unit have earnestly examined and found out the weak links in the preparations for military combat .
in early spring , education is a hot topic for discussion across the country .
they generally agreed : the education sector did a lot of major , good , practical , and new things last year , a year marked by real and fruitful enforcement of the strategy of national rejuvenation through science and education , from which people saw the hope of the chinese nation 's great rejuvenation !
in the course of national rejuvenation through science and education , science and technology are the key and education the foundation and the two supplement , complement , and are indispensable to each other .
last year saw two national conferences convened one after another , which beat the battle drum of national rejuvenation through science and education loud across the vast divine land - - the first was the third national education work conference convened in beijing in june , 1999 .
" as a country 's rise or fall hinges on education , the whole people are duty - bound to rejuvenate education , " stated general secretary jiang zemin at its opening ceremony , whose remarks reverberated in the hearts of the country 's people for a long time just like a forceful strike at a big bronze bell .
in october , a month in golden autumn , the first china international hi - tech achievements trade fair was held in shenzhen to promote china 's economic and technological cooperation with various countries in the world .
by the end of the 20 th century , the ordinary people and government officials had acutely sensed the firm steps taken in national rejuvenation through science and education .
how could the strategy of national rejuvenation through science and education be implemented to the letter ?
the cpc central committee and the state council gave an explicit answer : we must positively push forward through coordination a scientific and technological structural reform , an education structural reform , and an economic structural reform in order to fundamentally resolve the problem of science , technology , and education being divorced from economy .
on 1 july of last year , the state economic and trade commission began to run all 242 scientific research academies or institutes affiliated to some 10 state administrations under its control as enterprises , this being a substantial step forward in the scientific and technological structural reform .
early this year , beijing general academy of nonferrous metal studies was the first unit to receive an enterprise legal person license from the state administration for industry and commerce and turn from an institution into a scientific and technological enterprise , this being a historical transformation .
the education reform was also enforced as required .
faced with a new situation , the contradiction between the education thinking , system , structure , contents , and methods on the one hand and the needs of socialist modernization development became more conspicuous with each passing day .
speaking of this , huang renjian , a member of the ninth cppcc national committee , excitedly stated : " the call for quality education , which has been heard for so many years , finally made a breakthrough in practice .
i sincerely hope that comprehensive development of ethical , intellectual , and physical quality is no longer an empty talk ! "
both the system transformation for scientific research academies and institutes and conceptual reform for the education structure have just entered the stage of storming fortifications .
liu jiren , a member of the cppcc national committee and director of dongdaaerpai software company ltd. , pointed out : our country still lags far behind developed countries in scientific , technological , and education standard . look at the whole country , scientific and education standard still varies greatly from one region to the other .
the deputies and members maintained : apart from seeing challenges and knowing about shortcomings , we should also see more clearly a golden opportunity .
" do n't let slip an opportunity as it may never come again . "
" the screams of monkeys on either bank had scarcely ceased echoing in my ear , when my skiff had left behind it ten thousand ranges of hills . "
the well - informed person said : the judicial department in beijing approved chen xitong 's request for medical parole on the eve of spring festival in view of his poor health and need to receive medical treatment . arrangements were made to let him rest and receive medical treatment in a quiet village on the outskirts of beijing .
it was learned that , although chen xitong is on medical parole , he is still a prisoner serving a sentence and must observe relevant stipulations , including not having any contact with the outside world without approval from the concerned department .
it was learned that , at the prison , chen xitong could subscribe to various domestic newspapers and watch tv . his favorite papers were beijing ribao and beijing wanbao . chen xitong 's lunch includes two dishes with soup .
his dinner was quite abundant with special privileges , including four dishes and a soup .
chen xitong is the first member of the cpc political bureau sentenced by the court for corruption and dereliction of duty since cpc assumed the reins of government .
the first political bureau member who was sentenced by the court .
shortly afterward , chen xitong 's " resignation to hold himself responsible for a serious mistake " was approved . his post of secretary of the beijing municipal cpc committee was removed and secretary of the central commission for discipline inspection wei jianxing took over the post and investigated the case .
on 31 july 1998 , the beijing higher people 's court found chen xitong guilty of accepting 22 valuable articles , leading a luxurious life and wantonly spending public money when he was mayor and secretary of beijing municipality , and the court sentenced him to 16 years of fixed - term imprisonment .
in late november 1999 , chen shui - pien [ chen shuibian ] issued a so - called " constitutional amendment white paper " as a key part of his campaign policy position .
but both the focus of his campaign document and his related position on the definition of cross - strait relations are permeated with an essentially " taiwan independence " spirit .
the highest principle of the so - called " national security " is the strategic security of the asia - pacific region , which involves the common interests of the united states , japan , and taiwan in the western pacific , and which is undoubtedly aimed at containing china .
chen shui - pien is a radical " taiwan independence " figure . meanwhile , he is a typical opportunist politician , being good at playing political tricks , and at exploiting the news media to embellish and concoct , to camouflage himself .
but in certain major incidents , his " taiwan independence " essence has been endlessly exposed .
he has stabilized his voter base and expanded his support base .
due to the strong pressure of the chinese government and international opinion , the taiwan authorities have not yet made the reckless move to make a " constitutional amendment " of the " two - state theory . "
this can only show that chen shui - pien 's past so - called guarantees that " he will not declare taiwan independence once he takes power , " " will not arbitrarily promote a referendum , " and " will not play with the lives of the taiwan people " are nothing but lies .
vice premier qian qichen noted clearly in a speech at the forum in beijing of all circles marking the fifth anniversary of president jiang 's eight points that , so - called " taiwan independence " can only mean cross - strait war , absolutely not cross - strait peace .
since chen shui - pien 's tone essentially violates taiwan public opinion , severely endangering the security and interests of the taiwan public , there will definitely be no way for it to escape its fate of failure .
among the various work reports that are to be submitted for the deliberation of the npc and the cppcc at the " two sessions , " premier zhu rongji 's government work report can be said the center of attention .
looking back at 1999 , one can see that it was a year of many major events , many knotty issues , and many contingencies .
therefore , the government is expected to make it one of the focuses for this year 's work to further expand the scope of exports , make a better use of foreign investment , and accelerate the reform of its foreign trade system .
it has been learned that china 's accession to the wto is not elaborated in great length in the government work report , and this serves to show the prudent and low - key approach adopted by the government on this issue .
as a matter of fact , all government departments are currently engaged in revising and perfecting relevant policies , rules , and regulations on the basis of both the wto 's requirements and china 's promises .
reinforcing the modernization building of national defense is an important guarantee to china 's economic construction , and to a lengthy and peaceful reign of the country .
this year , the government will increase input in the army building , with a view to enhancing the comprehensive ability of the troops to win technological wars and to adapting the army to the new situation that faces china 's national security and military struggle in the new century .
the year 1999 was also one which witnessed the greatest change in both the international situation and international relations ever since the end of the cold war .
beijing , 1 mar - - a social survey organization showed here : 91 percent of interviewees held that the taiwan issue should be settled sooner rather than later . all respondents shared the view that " taiwan independence " only meant a war rather than peace between the two sides of the taiwan strait .
the release of a white paper entitled " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " has evoked repercussions at home and abroad .
the white paper stated that " if the taiwan authorities indefinitely reject the settlement of the reunification issue through peace talks , " the mainland may be compelled to use force and set a " timetable without a time frame . "
however , if the taiwan authorities cling obstinately to their pursuit of taiwan independence , then the mainland 's only option will be the use of force ; the taiwan authorities will force the mainland to pursue that one option .
the senior taiwan issue expert is convinced that , under such circumstances , the speed of reunification between the two sides of the taiwan strait will be accelerated . the taiwan problem can be basically solved in three to five years or no longer than 10 years .
li jiaquan pointed out : the day to elect taiwan authorities ' leader will come soon . on the issue of cross - strait relations , with the exception of ch ' en shui - pien , all principal candidates will be better than li teng - hui when elected .
as to whether ch ' en shui - pien can be elected to be the leader or not , i have three views : first , we oppose him .
regarding his taiwan independence party platform , we will wage resolute struggle and never make compromise with him .
second , we will not be afraid .
ch ' en shui - pien is a downright representative of those who stick to the idea of " taiwan independence . " if he becomes the one who can formulate and execute policies for taiwan , he will not only ideologically follow but also take action to promote " taiwan independence . "
in this way , a war between the two sides of the taiwan strait will be unavoidable .
professor li jiaquen analyzed the situation and said : if ch ' en shui - pien is elected , there will be two possibilities .
the first possibility is that he will declare that he will not practice " taiwan independence , " but this possibility is not likely .
his being elected will certainly encourage elements of " taiwan independence " to go all out to practice separatist activities and increase anti - china forces ' illusion of " taiwan independence . "
the dpp inside is rent by disunity with many factions . some people are not firm in following the " taiwan independence " line .
the us government has made an announcement to the world that it " will not support taiwan independence . " in consideration of its national interests , the united states cannot possibly provoke a " major war between china and the united states " in order to support " taiwan independence . "
he said : in the face of the result of a certain failure , people with some political consciousness should consider changing the party 's stand . there are fierce disputes within dpp in this respect .
second , it is necessary to revise its " taiwan independence " party platform .
taiwan was never independent in the past . taiwan cannot be independent at present and will never be allowed to be independent in the future .
this is one more important event in the development history of our college and university education .
it marks the fact that our college and university education has moved further along the road of legalized management . this is very significant for strengthening the construction of revolutionizing , modernizing and regularizing our college and university education and ensuring the healthy development of college and university education .
formulating laws for education as soon as possible and managing education according to laws are president important thoughts for developing the college and university education in the new period .
our military always attaches great importance to the construction of laws and regulations in the colleges and universities .
facts prove that the college and university education will not develop in a healthy and continuous manner without mature laws and regulations .
in the current real situation in our colleges and universities , the phenomena of having laws but not following them , of unprincipled behavior concerning the execution of the law and of not prosecuting law - breakers , exist to different extent in some departments and units .
the new millenium is a new starting point .
as our military changes from traditional training to training soldiers with science and technology , it is urgent to solve many problems , from the thought and concept of training to the content and method of training and from the training system to logistical support .
president jiang repeatedly emphasizes : " we launch the movement of training soldiers with science and technology , improve our training quality relying on scientific and technological progress and narrow the difference between training and actual wars .
deepening the movement of training soldiers with science and technology is a strategic choice made by our military after it considers the development of the times .
deepening the movement of training soldiers with science and technology is an urgent task of our military 's training in the preparation for military fighting .
at the turn of the century , the war in kosovo again warns that high - tech wars are not far away from us . the increasingly rampant forces for the independence of taiwan show that the fight for the unification of our motherland is acute and complex .
because future wars will be fought under the condition of high technology , we should train our soldiers in the background of high technology .
currently , the rapid development of science and technology provides an excellent opportunity for troops to deepen the movement of training soldiers with science and technology .
we must make full use of various advantageous conditions to speed up our steps in deepening the movement of training soldiers with science and technology . at the turn of the century , we face severe challenges and rare opportunities .
the cyber century : the " fourth territory " has come to the surface .
whether technology can touch off the contention for " territory " and " sovereignty " depends primarily on the questions whether various countries can expand the new space where they can get benefits and whether they can successfully control this " new space . "
when other countries waked up to reality , they found the " expressway " of the united states had already become the " new territory " of the united states , and those who wanted to enter this " space " had to " apply for an entry visa " from the united states .
additionally , the people have come to realize the fact , that was indicated by pertinent specialists , that even though atom bombs can destroy everything on the earth , they can only become the tool to contend for hegemony or to defend sovereignty but cannot become the " territory " and " sovereignty " themselves .
in a cyber century , the economic , political , and cultural sovereignty as well as the military security of a country depend more and more on its effective jurisdiction over the " virtual territory . "
although there are neither tall buildings nor boundary monuments in this space , the information flowing there is more important than the petroleum resources in the earth and is as strategically important as the efforts to defend the sovereign right over territorial sky , waters , and land .
nowadays , a country 's sovereignty can be regarded integrated only when it has fully tapped the potentials of its " virtual territory " and effectively controlled this territory , in the course of safeguarding the sovereign right over its territorial sky , waters , and land .
in history , technology not only hastened the birth of " territory " but also continuously changed national boundaries .
at present , member states of the association of southeast asian nations unanimously maintain that it is necessary to formulate appropriate laws to not only promote the development of the internet but also protect the interests of various countries .
the french government has stipulated that the web sites releasing information within the territory of france must set up their french version web pages simultaneously . moreover , the singaporean authorities have set up the information filter sites with a high pay , whereby all the information entering and exiting singapore are subject to strict examination .
officials of the united nations educational , scientific , and cultural organization have also proposed the drawing - up of a cyber space " law " that is acceptable globally .
just for this reason , the unclear virtual national boundaries have led to the hidden nature and complexity of the virtual territory and the sovereign contention .
as a kind of cooperative competition , the competition for the network sovereignty lacks a clear rule .
the space of network competition is still under expanding . as long as a country has seized the opportunity , it may become the " spider " on the web that has the sovereignty .
clinton regarded the information expressway as the weapon to contend for hegemony in the world , and kennedy declared that " whoever controls the space will control the earth . " both of them are the specific manifestation of " theory of high borderland . "
this is not only because that the united states is the place where the internet originated but also because that the us people have already embraced a very strong sense of the internet , thus giving birth to countless " small spiders . "
the us huge cyber information service culture is now invading the cyber information space of other countries . and the formulation of the world - level new criteria for the network technology has boldly predicted and offered a network theory , which has developed from the " mohr 's law " to the " yahoo rule . "
thus , the internet is a revolution initiated by americans , with americans dominating the game rules .
however , refusing to enter the internet in any form means nothing but give away our cyber territory and sovereignty with both hands . so the only choice is to actively and positively plunge into the development of the internet , cultivate our own " spiders , " and open our own nets .
the cyber world is one advertising freedom and peace . in fact , the act of seeking hegemony can be seen everywhere in this world . meanwhile , the behaviors of luring others with " turnips " and acting arrogantly with " big sticks " coexist , with their forms becoming increasingly varied and concealed .
for a long period of time , the united states has depended on its technological and information advantages to display its fist of hegemony everywhere .
for instance , china began applying for entering the internet for many times as early as june 1992 . however , the united states rejected china on a variety of excuses . it is until early april in 1994 that the united states agreed china to enter the internet .
second , it has taken improper means to artificially hinder the cyber technological progress of other countries . in fact , the united states has deprived others of the right of sharing information in cyberspace .
currently , all countries , including european countries , have come to realize the united states ' ambition of seeking hegemony in cyberspace , and therefore are striving to explore new ways of development .
the internet was designed for preventing physical destruction , and that it did not give full consideration to the security of information transmission . although it has been patched up continuously , it remains very weak .
in the gulf war , because iraq had bought the printers implanted with virus chips by us special agents , the network of some iraqi air defense systems were broken down by the virus activated by the united states with the remote control system .
beijing , 2 mar (zxs) - - state council vice premier qian qichen pointed out in beijing this afternoon that to promote and protect human rights , it is necessary to properly talk about them , but it is more necessary to properly work for them .
because of different national conditions , it is normal for different countries to have different views on the human rights issue .
confrontation is not a solution to differences and it is better to have dialogue .
qian qichen made this remarks during a meeting at ziguangge , zhongnanhai , with mrs. mary robinson , un high commissioner for human rights who has come to attend the eighth seminar on human rights of the asia - pacific region in beijing .
qian qichen said that in a country with a large population like china , we emphasize more on " working " for the promotion and protection of human rights .
qian qichen said that the chinese government speaks positively of the two un human rights conventions .
this is of great significance to improving the living standard of the people of various ethnic groups in china 's western region and to enabling them to enjoy various human rights .
china hopes to obtain the support of the international community .
he hoped that the cooperation between the two sides , which has been built on the basis of equality and mutual respect , will constantly develop . the office of the un higher commission for human rights has made positive contribution to promoting dialogue on human rights between china and the international community .
the " opinions " stressed : we should give full rein to our functions and roles of adjudication , provide a guarantee for the smooth progress of the state enterprise reform , and bring about a common development to economies of multiple ownerships which mainly relies on the public ownership .
we will crack down , according to the law , on various crimes which have undermined the country 's economic order .
we will deal heavy blows to such crimes as open plunder , theft , sabotage , and intentional damage of the means of production and the equipment of state enterprises ; particularly , we should protect the assets of state enterprises by cracking down on the crime of group theft against state enterprises .
we should take strong measures against the crime of killing and injuring the leaders and workers of state enterprises by retaliatory means , or other crimes that harm the personal rights of the leaders and workers of state enterprises , with a view to creating a sound security environment for the production and operation of state enterprises .
we should properly handle cases , according to the law , which involve disputes that have occurred among state enterprises during the process of establishing and perfecting a modern enterprise system ; and provide legal protection for the autonomy enjoyed by enterprises in handling their own operational affairs , and for the control of the state over state assets .
we should lay stress on the handling of such cases which involve labor and social security , protect the legitimate rights and interests of laborers according to the law , and step up the reform of the labor system ; at the same time , we should also support enterprises to strengthen and improve their management .
we should provide equal protection for the legal rights and interests of all parties involved in a lawsuit according to the law , and strive to bring about a healthy development to the market economy .
zhu mingshan , vice president of the supreme people 's court , indicated that it is the historical responsibility of people 's courts to provide an impartial , highly efficient , and high - quality judicial guarantee and judicial services for the economic construction and the social progress of our country .
foreign minister tang jiaxuan returned home today after paying an official visit to russia from 28 february to 1 march at russian foreign minister igor ivanov 's invitation .
during the meeting , putin stressed that the russian side would strictly adhere to the principles set forth in all the joint documents issued by both countries .
both sides reaffirmed that another sino - russian summit meeting would be held this year and that serious preparations would be made for the chinese premier and the russian prime minister to hold regular meetings .
both sides pointed out with satisfaction that mutual cooperation between china and russia is not targeted at a third country and that this kind of cooperation is increasingly becoming an important factor in promoting a multipolar world and in establishing a just and rational international order .
he pointed out : the two sides stressed that any actions aimed at undermining the territorial integrity of a sovereign country are unacceptable .
the russian side reiterated that it would steadfastly pursue a one - china stance .
the chinese side voiced support for the russian government 's fight against terrorism in chechnya .
in closing , the spokesman said : china believes that deputy prime minister ilya klebanov 's visit to china will play a positive role in boosting the strategic cooperative partnership between the two countries .
in the last 50 extraordinary years , the chinese armed forces have developed from a unitary land force into powerful armed forces composed of various armed services , such as the army , the navy , the air force , and the second artillery corps .
the documentary , which is composed as independent series , is characterized by vast scenes and tremendous momentum .
the training and exercise sites were all shot on the spot by the army television working personnel and therefore , the shots are really moving and have a strong visual pounding effect .
the documentary composed of 15 series will be broadcast in the cctv program four at 20:30 on 3 march , with each series taking 30 minutes .
beijing , 2 mar (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today that the visit to china by dennis blair , commander - in - chief of the us pacific command , is conducive to promoting mutual understanding of the two sides .
dennis blair , commander - in - chief of the us pacific command , ended his visit to china and returned to the united states today .
a report says during his visit to china , he made a verbal statement saying china and the united states had an exchange of views on the taiwan issue with a substantive connotation [ shi zhi nei han 1395 6347 0355 3211 ] .
at today 's news briefing held by the foreign ministry , zhu bangzao briefed reporters on admiral blair 's visit to china .
he pointed out that blair and his party are the first us high - level military delegation that has officially visited china since the embassy bombing incident in may last year .
blair and his party expressed that the united states will adhere to the " one - china " principle and relevant commitments .
zhu bangzao said this visit to china is conducive to promoting mutual understanding between the two sides .
at the invitation of the general staff headquarters of the chinese people 's liberation army , admiral blair , commander - in - chief of the us pacific command , visited beijing and nanjing from 27 february to 2 march .
blair also met deputy chief of the general staff xiong guangkai and vice foreign minister wang guangya , and they extensively exchanged views on international and regional security , sino - us bilateral relations , and other issues .
blair said that the policy of the us government remains to be adherence to the " one - china " principle .
the chinese delegation led by long yongtu , chief negotiator of the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation , and the eu delegation led by baseler , eu director general of trade , held bilateral consultations on 21 - 24 february .
beijing , 2 march ( xinhua ) - - the third session of the ninth national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] ceremoniously opened in beijing today .
this is an important meeting held at the turn of the century , shouldering a special mission and having a very unusual meaning .
let us extend warm greetings to the cppcc committee members who are charged with important tasks and have come from all parts of the country .
the cppcc has traversed the glorious course of more than 50 years .
for half a century , the cppcc has played an irreplaceable role in the country 's political , economic and social lives and has accumulated rich and valuable experiences .
exercising unity and democracy under the leadership of the cpc is the concentrated expression of the nature of the cppcc , the historical basis for electing and developing the cppcc , and the orientation of the cppcc for breaking new ground for the future and for carrying out its missions . "
this has chartered a new orientation and put forward policies and principles for successfully carrying out the cppcc work in the new century .
last year marked a very unusual year in our country 's history of development .
in these activities , the cppcc firmly grasped the two tasks of unity and democracy and made major contributions to closely working around the central tasks , serving the overall situation and discussing national affairs .
the democracy of the cppcc is one with consultations , discussions , offering of suggestions and plans , and democratic supervision as the main content .
through extensively promote democracy , and fully mobilize the enthusiasm of all parties , mass organizations , and the people of all ethnic groups and all walks of life in building socialism with chinese characteristics ; the cppcc should play a positive role in the formulation and implementation of the party and government 's policy decisions .
upholding and unceasingly improving this democratic form is the inevitable demand and important content of developing socialist democratic politics and building socialism with chinese characteristics .
china hopes that the united states will deal with the taiwan matter appropriately , to prevent another setback in china - us relations .
and in november , both countries signed a bilateral agreement on china 's wto membership , which effectively promoted improvement and development in china - us relations .
president jiang said that : china - us relations have been hard to come by , being the result of the joint efforts of both sides , as well as two - plus decades of joint efforts by both us parties and successive us administrations .
this is in line with the interests of both the united states and china .
and he said that he will continue to make unremitting efforts to develop us - china relations .
the " smile train " has cooperated with the chinese benevolent association since 1999 , having done successful operations on over 2,000 chinese children suffering from labio - dental rifts or harelips .
bush and his retinue came to visit china at the invitation of the china people 's overseas friendship association .
officials such as overseas friendship association president qi huaiyuan and central foreign affairs office director liu huaqiu attended the meeting .
the release of president jiang zemin 's " speech on education issues " evoked a strong echo among the whole party and the whole society especially the educational circles .
comrade jiang zemin 's important speech from the height of the rise and decline of the nation 's fortunes and national rejuvenation expounds the great significance of paying attention to education and youngster 's ideological work , li lanqing said in his report .
responsible officials from districts and counties and related departments under beijing municipality and tianjing municipality and about four thousand representatives of secretaries , schoolmasters and teachers from some colleges , high schools and primary schools joined the meeting .
chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao expressed the belief that the russian deputy prime minister 's current visit would play a positive role in boosting the strategic cooperative partnership between china and russia .
zhu bangzao said : during tang jiaxuan 's visit to russia , the two sides reaffirmed that another sino - russian summit meeting would be held this year and that serious preparations would be made for the chinese premier and the russian prime minister to hold regular meetings .
beijing , 2 mar ( xinhua ) - - state president jiang zemin met with former us president george bush and his wife barbara bush at zhongnanhai this afternoon .
jiang zemin expressed welcome to bush and his party 's revisiting china and expressed appreciation to bush for his energetic efforts for sino - us relations over a long time .
jiang zemin briefly reviewed sino - us relations in the past year .
he said that although sino - us relations experienced relative big twists and turns last year , the two sides reached consensus on continuing to work for the establishment of the constructive strategic partnership while the meeting of the asia - pacific economic cooperation was in session in september .
jiang zemin said that the development of sino - us relations today has not come easily . it is the outcome of the joint efforts of china and the united states in the past 20 years and more and is also the outcome of the joint efforts of the two us parties and the successive us governments .
we hope that in the new century , sino - us relations will maintain a steady and healthy development . what is crucial is that both sides should proceed from the common interests of the people of the two countries , and really look at and deal with sino - us relations in a strategic light .
he said we are willing to strengthen contacts with the leaders of the two us parties and people of various circles in order to make joint efforts to improve and develop the relations between the two countries .
on the taiwan issue , jiang zemin said that recently , some words and deeds of the united states cannot but cause our serious concern [ yan zhong guan qie 0917 6850 7070 0434 ] .
we hope the united states will properly deal with the taiwan issue and avoid setbacks in sino - us relations again .
bush said that he is very happy to have the opportunity to visit china again .
he briefed jiang zemin on the general election in the united states .
bush said he firmly supports china 's accession to the world trade organization and supports granting permanent normal trade status to china because they conform with the interests of both the united states and china .
he said he will continue to make unremitting efforts to develop us - china relations .
since its cooperation with the china charity council beginning last year , the " smiling train " has successfully carried out operations for over 2,000 chinese children with harelips .
president qi huaiyuan of the association and liu huaqiu , director of the central foreign affairs office , were present at the meeting .
she said : under the current international situation , the constant development of strategic partnership of cooperation and the strengthening of cooperation in various fields between the two countries will be of great significance .
she believed that so long as the two sides adhere to the principle of mutual trust and mutual benefit , change thinking and concepts and adapt themselves to the market situation , cooperation between the two countries can certainly be further developed .
klebanov pointed out that russia has attached great importance to cooperation with china and feels satisfied with the progress in recent years .
wu yi introduced china 's strategy to vigorously develop the western region and noted that as china 's neighboring country russia has the geographical advantage in cooperation .
she said the chinese side welcomes russia to take part in the development of china 's western region .
ilya klebanov arrived in beijing today for a formal visit at the invitation of the chinese government .
blair reaffirmed that the us policy remains to be adherence to the one - china principle and the united states is willing to scrupulously abide by the three communiques .
this was disclosed by chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao at today 's regular press conference .
central military commission vice chairman chi haotian and chief of the general staff fu quanyou separately met with him . deputy chief of the general staff xiong guangkai and vice foreign minister wang guangya also met him and they exchanged views on international and regional security and sino - us relations .
their visit has not only greatly inspired and educated local cadres and people , but also evoked warm repercussions among all the party members and the broad masses of the people .
to make the members of the central political bureau standing committee directly handle the " three stresses " work in counties ( cities ) was an important measure taken by the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core to concentrate its attention on party building .
it was the first time in the history of our party building that all the comrades of the central political bureau standing committee , led by the party 's general secretary , visited and stayed in some counties ( cities ) for a period of time and directly handled the party building there .
the direct handling of the " three stresses " in counties ( cities ) by the members of the central political bureau standing committee fully shows the high degree of importance attached by the central authorities to the " three stresses " education and particularly to the " three stresses " in counties ( cities ) .
in attaching a high degree of importance to the " three stresses " in counties ( cities ) , the emphasis should be put on practice and action .
in this regard , the members of the central political bureau standing committee have already set an example for us .
the strength of good example is infinitely great .
this was the first press conference held by tian zengpei , news spokesman of the third session of the ninth national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] , at the great hall of the people this afternoon .
" i would like to answer reporters ' questions concerning the current cppcc session , " said tian zengpei with smile , after reading out the briefing message .
a hand was raised high .
" what valuable opinions and proposals have been offered by the cppcc national committee since last year ?
how have these opinions and proposals been adopted ? "
a radio station reporter asked first .
then , it worked out the " proposals on several issues of china 's environmental protection , " after summarizing the opinions of its standing committee members and the results of the investigations and studies conducted by its special committees .
these proposals have attracted high attention of central leading comrades and departments concerned .
raising motions is a major method for cppcc members to perform their functions .
the method of resuming the motions work report at the opening ceremony of this year 's cppcc session has aroused great interest from reporters .
therefore , the current session will resume the method of making the motions work report at the opening ceremony of the cppcc session . "
as soon as tian zengpei stopped , some reporters raised their hands to ask questions .
" there is a loud voice of intensified supervision in society .
vice chairman ye xuanping emphasized in his standing committee work report last year that the democratic supervision of the cppcc should be intensified .
i would like to ask , what progress has been made in this aspect over the past year ? "
a hong kong reporter asked how the cppcc national committee played its role in building a clean and honest government .
tian zengpei answered : " the building of a clean and honest government has always been a hot issue of concern by the cppcc .
cppcc members have exploited their advantages to conduct intensive investigations and studies and have actively offered suggestions and ideas , thus playing a key role in opposing corruption and advocating administrative honesty .
during the current session , we will hold a domestic and foreign press conference for the questions concerning the extensive development of western regions . "
a reporter asked : " hong kong and macao have already returned to the motherland .
tian zengpei said resolutely : " the taiwan issue cannot be put off indefinitely , and it must be resolved as early as possible .
as long as our party thinks and acts under this guidance , our party will surely lead the people of our country to create new glory in the new century .
they said that the speech 's incisive exposition on the importance of party building holds profound meaning historically and practically for our endeavor to move forward the reform , opening up , and modernization drive .
we should continue to administer our party in a strict manner so to make the organism of the party healthier and lead the people across the country to advance forward .
the speech is a representative of the highest interest of the cpc as well as the fundamental interest of the broad masses of the chinese people . "
he continued : " the contemporary world is now characterized by the rapid development of high and new technology . high - technology industry is booming and the time of knowledge economy is coming .
in economic development , science and technology is the crucial point and education is the foundation .
deputy li xiaoping , from the water sport school of jiangxi , was greatly inspired by general secretary jiang zemin 's speech .
in the cpc history over 70 years , the cpc has won the support of people because of doing a down - to - earth job in the " three representatives . "
member wang chaobin , vice chairman of henan federation of industry and commerce , spoke of the grand undertaking of developing the west region . he said , " whether the grand cause of developing the west region posed by the party central committee can succeed or not lies in the strengthening of party building .
on the one hand , we should boost the training on party - member cadres to enhance their political integrity and working ability , and , on the other hand , we should expand the exchanges between cadre contingents in a bid to broaden their vision and improve their work style .
with party building strengthened and work style of cadres consolidated , we will be able to accelerate the modernization drive of the west region . "
the taiwan issue is an internal affair of china .
in the three joint communiques , the us government acknowledged that there is only one china , and that taiwan is part of chinese territory .
the united states should respect china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity . it should not preach or support taiwan 's pursuit of separatism , nor should it create two chinas or support taiwan independence .
in recent years , the united states has constantly supplied taiwan with weapons ; this is the root of the deteriorating situation in the taiwan strait .
recently us state department spokesman james rubin openly stated : despite china 's opposition to us arms sales to taiwan , " it has been very much in the us national interest " to meet the proper defense needs of taiwan in accordance with the " taiwan relations act. "
this is an absurd formulation .
why does the united states obstruct china 's peaceful reunification and support separatist activities by means of arms sales ?
is taiwan a dependency of the united states ?
after beijing released a white paper on " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue , " us officials have assumed a hegemonist posture . presidential spokesman lockhart said : " we refuse to accept the use of force or a threat of force in such a case . "
" in 1996 , we made an appropriate response to what was seen as a threat . "
so far , clinton 's position is somewhat prudent . he said that the chinese government 's white paper contains " specific suggestions " on opening cross - strait dialogue .
recent statements by some us officials are detrimental to the development of sino - us relations and foment unrest across the taiwan situation .
us officials should be discreet in word and deed and put the overall interests of sino - us relations above everything else .
in the new century , the us side should handle sino - us relations from a strategic viewpoint and refrain from doing anything to sacrifice the interests of sino - us relations because of their temporary political interests in the run - up to the general elections .
this was actually intended for the development of the great northwest .
the chinese communists have adopted the development of the great northwest as an important policy decision for promoting china 's cross - century development .
jiang zemin pointed out last year : how can we modernize the whole country without developing the western regions ?
with the implementation of the strategy for developing the western regions , the central authorities will be giving preferential treatment to these regions in policies , funding and project approval .
he also hoped that the coastal regions would " think of progress after becoming rich " and embrace the idea of thinking of the whole country as a single entity by actively providing support to the western regions in terms of funding , technology , manpower , information and management and promoting their development through industrial transfer and coordination .
effects not as good as " deng 's southern inspection tour " the propaganda department of the central committee had hoped that the media would go all out to publicize jiang zemin 's southern inspection tour so that it could match the effects of deng xiaoping 's southern inspection tour in 1992 .
however , a subsequent review by the authorities concerned shows that it has fallen short of the anticipated results .
jiang zemin raised the issue of " three representatives " during his inspection tour . this was meant to match deng xiaoping 's " three favorables , " but did not get good media publicity .
beijing , 3 mar (zxs) - - the recently finished shenzhen building on beijing 's guanganmenwai avenue received over 100 personages from guangdong province last night [ 2 march 2000 ] who are here to participate in the third session of the ninth npc .
while cantonese food has long since been world - famous , and though li changchun has gradually grown accustomed to and to enjoy many kinds of food , he still best likes the regular fare that his family makes .
li changchun praises the cooks in cantonese for their culinary arts , and for showing consideration to the differing tastes of southerners and northerners .
in these three completely different types of provinces , what leadership aspects has li changchun stressed ?
while a few cities are being required to meet this goal ahead of time in 2005 , guangdong province is absolutely not setting hard targets for all cities , even less so acting in an across - the - board manner .
we are being objective in all aspects .
in which respect , li changchun says that all of guangdong is now conscientiously studying jiang zemin 's instructions .
while there seems to still be much to chat about , since a number of other [ npc ] deputies are waiting to chat with this reporter , i am forced to stop here .
beijing , 3 mar ( xinhua ) - - general zhang wannian , vice chairman of the central military commission , met with russian deputy prime minister ilya klebanov here this morning .
the development of sino - russian friendly relations conforms to the fundamental interests of the peoples of the two countries and to peace and stability in the asia - pacific region and the world at large , zhang said .
zhang said he firmly believed that klebanov 's current visit to china would further promote friendly cooperation between the two countries in all fields .
klebanov said that russian - chinese exchanges and cooperation in all fields and at various levels constitute an integral part of the strategic partnership .
the great hall of the people , 1505 , 3 mar ( xinhua ) - - the third session of the ninth national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference (cppcc) opened at the great hall of the people at 0300 this afternoon .
jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , li ruihuan , hu jintao , wei jianxing , li lanqing , and other party and state leaders sat on the rostrum and congratulated the opening of the session .
presided over by chairman li ruihuan , the agenda for the current session was first approved at the opening session of the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee .
at today 's meeting , the " revised cppcc constitution ( draft ) " will also be submitted for the deliberation of the committee members .
ye xuanping said the year 2000 is the year in which one century succeeds the other .
education on our military 's fundamental functions is gradually launched in the entire military and armed police troops .
this is an important measure to deeply implement the military 's strategic principles for the new period .
doing well in the education of our military 's fundamental functions is an important and regular task in our troops ' ideological and political work . at the turn of the century , the general international situation continues to develop toward mitigation .
deeply conducting the education of our military 's fundamental functions in the new situation is significant for promoting the continuous development of the movement of training soldiers with science and technology , to preparing well for military fighting and to pushing forward the construction of troop quality .
units at all levels must highly emphasize and truly do well in the education .
we must set the goal of the education on helping the rank and file establish a firm sense of function .
solidifying our national defense , protecting our motherland and ensuring that the people can work in a peaceful situation are sacred missions entrusted by the constitution .
the 2 characters that form the word " function " are supremely important .
only after we have each member of the rank and file keep in mind the missions of our military can they prepare well for military fighting on their own initiatives , can they stop or delay the eruption of wars and can they have absolute confidence in winning decisive wars once wars break out .
we must conscientiously investigate well and understand the thoughts of the rank and file . we must conduct education by targeting problems in the minds of the rank and file .
our experience shows that strengthening soldiers ' sense of function relies on the infiltration of basic theories and on guidance from their everyday experience .
therefore , the ul mark is a pass for the entry of relevant products ( particularly electromechanical products ) into the us and north american markets .
the saic trademark bureau had examined and approved the registration of the ul mark as a certification trademark , which bears an exclusive right of trademark use according to the law .
the saieciq and the other four departments have now started dividing the work among themselves based on their respective duties and carrying out work to crack down on the counterfeiting practices according to the plan of implementation .
the emergence of low - quality bogus products has adversely affected the prestige of chinese export products and violated the legitimate rights and interests of more than 4,000 ul - registered enterprises in the country .
according to information , the enforcement of the punishment method will ensure that china will se the most stringent measures in the world to manage land .
sun wensheng , vice minister of land and natural resources , said : the new land management law explicitly stipulates that state workers who commit acts that violate land law in purchases and sales , or by using other means to illegally transfer land , illegally occupy land , and illegally approve land , will be given disciplinary sanctions .
however , since the management law does not clearly define the corresponding criteria for measuring discipline , it therefore lacks operational , specific methods for law enforcement .
sun wensheng said : the promulgation of the method of punishment will improve the land - related legal system in which the management law is the mainstay , so that the " land management law is more operational in the enforcement process .
according to information , there has been an upward trend in the suspected involvement of government functionaries in land - related law violation .
some grass - roots governments and leading cadres who are eager for quick success and instant benefits , have not hesitated to act against the law in order to score achievements in their official careers .
more than 95 percent of these lawbreaking cases that involved government officials could not be processed .
zhang xinbao said : in the past , fines and confiscation were the forms of punishments used for land - related law violation acts .
according to the newly promulgated method of punishment , such disciplinary sanctions as demotion , removal from office , and discharge from employment will be applied to government officials according to the seriousness of their cases .
china began to enforce a newly amended and more stringent management law in 1999 to provide stronger protection for cultivated land , and to apply more severe legal sanctions on illegal acts of land approval , management , and utilization .
he said that the return of hong kong and macao to the motherland marked important progress made in the great cause of the motherland 's reunification .
the sacred mission of settling the taiwan issue and realizing the complete reunification of the motherland has become more outstanding before all the people of the country , including the taiwan compatriots and overseas chinese .
beijing , 3 mar ( xinhua ) - - state council premier zhu rongji met with russian deputy premier ilya iosifovich klebanov at the great hall of the people this morning .
he asked klebanov to convey his cordial regards and good wishes to acting president and concurrently premier putin .
klebanov conveyed putin 's regards to zhu rongji .
he said that the purpose of his visit to china is to promote the continuous development of cooperation in various fields between the two countries .
he said that acting president and concurrently premier putin said on many occasions that russia resolutely stands for the establishment of a multi - polar world externally and the defense of state sovereignty and territorial integrity internally .
russia is willing to strengthen close cooperation with china in the political , economic and international fields .
we should comprehensively and seriously make preparation for such meetings now .
he said that the establishment and development of the sino - russian strategic cooperative partnership conforms to the fundamental interests of the people of the two countries , and will produce an important positive impact on maintaining global strategic stability and promoting peace and development of the world .
in the past year since then , both sides have made considerable progress in implementing these agreements .
china agrees to comprehensively develop cooperation with russia in various fields and hopes to constantly deepen and expand cooperation between the two countries in various fields through the joint efforts of the two sides , on the basis of necessity and possibility , and in the spirit of mutual understanding and mutual trust .
state councilor wu yi and state development planning commission minister zeng peiyan also attended the meeting .
prior to the meeting , wu yi and klebanov signed " minutes of talks " and officials responsible for relevant departments of the governments of the two countries signed an exchange of notes on russia 's providing nuclear fuel for china 's tianwan nuclear power station .
we are determined to live up to the central leaders ' expectations and do a solid work in carrying out our " three stresses " education .
the members of yuhang city 's leading group said : the analyses made by general secretary jiang and other central leading comrades on the current situation and the party 's tasks are thorough . as soon as we heard them , we were suddenly enlightened .
the central authorities are so concerned for us and devoting so much attention to us . we must make the " three stresses " education a success to lay a solid ideological foundation for reform and construction .
the members of beining city 's leading group said : the mobilization speeches of general secretary jiang and other central leading comrades have made us feel that we must further step up the " three stresses " education by enhancing our understanding , adopting the necessary measures and making greater efforts to analyze and rectify problems .
we must live up to the expectations of the party central committee and the people .
we should sum up and make a list of those things that remain to be done .
the speeches of general secretary jiang and other central leading comrades have shaken us up a lot , enhanced our understanding of the great significance of stepping up party building and the building of spiritual civilization , and helped us overcome the mistake of " self - satisfaction . "
at the same time , they have solicited opinions from the general public and persistently engaged in study while correcting mistakes .
the report made by ye xuanping on behalf of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee is one of the major items on the agenda at today 's opening session .
he said the cppcc national committee has carried out consultation and discussion on important state affairs through holding plenary meetings of the committee , meetings of the standing committee and meetings of special committees .
in the spirit of a very strong sense of political responsibility and responsibility to the people , it has energetically made proposals and offered advice , reflected the demands of various circles , and put forward many important and valuable motions , suggestions and proposals .
after the " proposal " was submitted to the cpc central committee and the state council , it has attracted great attention of central leaders and relevant departments .
state - owned enterprises are the pillar of china 's national economy . properly carrying out the reform of state - owned enterprises is of extremely great importance to the establishment of the socialist market economy structure .
ye xuanping said that at various kinds of cppcc meetings , committee members have enthusiastically aired their views and put forward proposals on implementing the general plan of administering the country according to law .
beijing , 3 march ( xinhua ) - - the turn - of - the - century third session of the ninth national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference (cppcc) opened at the great hall of the people here this afternoon .
at 1500 [ 0700 gmt ] , when cppcc national committee chairman li ruihuan declared the session open , everyone in the meeting hall stood up , and a band began playing the national anthem of the people 's republic of china .
party and state leaders jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , hu jintao , wei jianxing , and li lanqing were seated in the rostrum , congratulating the opening of the session .
entrusted by the standing committee of the ninth cppcc national committee , vice chairman ye xuanping delivered a report on the standing committee 's work .
we face unprecedented challenge as well as unparalleled opportunities .
entrusted by the standing committee , cppcc national committee vice chairman zhou tienong gave a report to the meeting on the motions raised since the second session of the ninth cppcc national committee .
in addition , 2,542 proposals , or 84.6 percent of the total , have been disposed of or incorporated into plans for handling .
responsible persons of the relevant departments of the cpc central committee and the state council observed the session on invitation .
speaking in fluent putonghua , he said the grand development of the western region would be a hot topic discussed at the " two sessions " this time .
he revealed that the proposal in which he participated concerns how china 's economically advanced coastal regions should play their due role in the grand development of the western region .
" this is the time to develop the western region , " renowned economist and member dong fureng said .
" it will provide new development opportunities for the eastern region .
knowledge economy - - challenge of new millennium member pan zongguang , president of the hong kong technological university , is very concerned about how tertiary education should tie in with the strategy of developing a knowledge economy in the new century . he and other members have specially studied the issue and have submitted a proposal .
member huang dawei , researcher at the animal research institute of the chinese academy of sciences , are working out a plan together with his colleagues to build a museum where kids can learn and play .
he said : " future society needs creative talents . only talents who can break new grounds can ensure china remains invincible in the new century . "
feng lida is the daughter of renowned patriotic general feng yuxiang .
she told this reporter that she would air her political view on the motherland 's reunification at the cppcc session .
she added that lee teng - hui 's [ li denghui 's ] " two - state theory " wins no popular support and will definitely be despised by chinese at home and abroad .
he said folks of the native place are greatly concerned about taiwan 's future .
it is believed that the outline of the 10 th five - year plan concerning china 's development during the next five years ( 2000 - 2005 ) will make its debut at the upcoming " two sessions , " and is expected to become one of the hot discussion topics among the delegates and members of the meeting .
over the past two years , many government departments have conducted thoroughgoing investigations and studies , among which the state planning commission has been assigned with the responsibility for the formulation of the 10 th five - year plan , and has extensively solicited suggestions from people of all circles in society on the formulation of the plan .
therefore , when formulating the 10 th five - year plan , we should take these special characteristics into full consideration , so that the plan can reflect and suit the special requirements of the new situation that china is to face in the future .
this marks the beginning of a new development phase in china 's social and economic development , that is , the phase of a gradual transition from a modest level of prosperity to modernization .
such a fact will inevitably give rise to many significant changes in china 's social and economic lives , for many contradictions and problems in a country 's social and economic lives are related to changes in its economic development .
therefore , the 10 th five - year plan must take into account the change in the phase of the country 's economic development , so as to ensure a good beginning for its implementation of the third - step strategic target .
third , significant changes are taking place in the international political setup , economic setup , and military setup today . in the face of increasingly acute international competitions , china needs to seek further development amidst international competitions .
after examining these proposals , the motions committee made a total of 3,118 motions and treated 223 of these proposals as members ' letters .
the number of members who raised proposals was 1,756 , or 79.5 percent of all cppcc members . central committees of eight democratic political parties and the all - china federation of industry and commerce submitted 63 proposals while various cppcc committees raised 26 proposals .
after receiving these opinions and suggestions and conscientiously studying and processing them , units - in - charge adopted quite a number of them in formulating policies and work improvement .
proposals concerning economic construction constituted 42.9 percent of all proposals and covered many areas .
premier zhu rongji and vice premier wu bangguo both gave important comments and instructions on the report .
rejuvenating the country through science and education and spiritual civilization were also important topics of proposals .
democratic political parties and cppcc members raised numerous proposals on narrowing gaps among schools in providing compulsory education and truly reducing workloads of middle and primary school students . these proposals dwelled on problems that drew strong reactions from the public and are being tackled by education departments at all levels .
many leaders personally made arrangements and handled the proposals , intensified their handling efforts , and established and perfected a system of handling proposals , thereby ensuring their implementation .
in november 1999 , the cppcc national committee held the fourth forum on proposal handling in beijing . the forum conscientiously summed up experiences and exchanged views on ways of raising the quality of proposals , quality of handling proposals , and quality of service , setting clear directions to strive for in future proposal handling .
the motions committee did a lot of work focusing on raising the quality of proposal handling and on facilitating proposal handling .
the supreme people 's procuratorate stressed : it is important to strictly enforce the responsibility system for the building of a sound party style and an a clean administration , further deepen the work of ensuring honesty and self - discipline among leading cadres , and see to a continued implementation of the guiding principles for a clean administration .
strictly forbidden is the malpractice of handling " cases involving social connections , " " cases involving personal favors , " and " cases involving money . "
the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee opened here today . on behalf of the ninth cppcc national committee , ye xuanping reported on the work of the standing committee and put forward the outlines for the work of the cppcc this year .
on the need to make full use of the cppcc 's important role in expanding friendly exchanges with other countries , he said : we will positively and steadily develop friendly exchanges with other countries in accordance with the overall arrangements for china 's diplomatic work .
ye xuanping said that the cppcc national committee had energetically developed friendly exchanges with other countries and had played an important role in enlivening china 's diplomatic efforts , promoting understanding , friendship and cooperation between china and other countries during the past year .
nine vice chairmen headed delegations visiting countries in asia , europe , america and oceania or attending meetings of the international interaction council , the international association of economic and social councils and similar institutions as well as the davos world economic forum .
the exhibition was well received . the committee of foreign affairs issued a statement to lodge the strongest protest against the brutal us - led nato bombing of the chinese embassy in the federal republic of yugoslavia .
professor pan rixuan said : speeding up army modernization is a need for fighting and winning a modern war which may break out , especially a local war under hi - tech conditions , and for safeguarding the motherland reunification and territorial integrity .
pan emphatically stated : the motherland reunification can not drag on indefinitely .
the historical experiences have proven that peace can only be secured by " ability to fight " and peace is based on " ability to fight " only .
how to take the strategy of building a strong army through science and technology as an important means of realizing army modernization ?
apparently , this pattern cannot meet the needs of leaving everything to the market at home and abroad after china 's wto entry .
second , the impact on agricultural product prices .
if the agricultural structure is not restructured , the variety structure is not upgraded , and the quality of agricultural production is not improved as soon as possible , it will be very difficult for china 's agricultural products to enter the international market .
the tariff concessions and the loss of non - tariff policy fiats will create favorable conditions for foreign agricultural products to occupy the chinese market on a large scale and thus impact china 's macro regulation and control efforts .
fifth , the agricultural marketization in china is not sound enough to meet the needs of the situation resulting from china 's entry into the wto .
although the resulting situation will be grim , the experts universally agreed : china 's wto will benefit both the country and the people .
in reality , this favorable factor is also the result of china 's effort to take the lead in carrying out rural reforms and a contracted responsibility system based on the household with remuneration linked to output .
the formation of china 's most dynamic , independent production and operation units is the root of china 's economic development and the base for china to face competition after it becomes a member of the wto .
moreover , china 's market system and foreign trade pattern have now taken shape initially .
the establishment of this three - layer market system means that china 's rural market system has taken shape initially and farmers have a base on which they get involved in the operation of both domestic and international markets .
in the face of tremendous challenges resulting from china 's wto entry , the experts proposed that the government actively cope with them and formulate a corresponding policy .
in march , the spring breeze brings warmth to the people in beijing .
at 1400 , jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , li ruihuan , hu jintao , wei jianxing , li lanqing , and other party and government leaders arrived here one after another to extend cordial greetings to cppcc national leading comrades and congratulate them on the opening of the session .
cppcc national leaders and members went down to grass - roots areas last year to conduct investigations and studies on the central work of the state and offered many valuable opinions and suggestions .
yang rudai and wan guoquan , vice chairmen of the cppcc national committee , sat together to talk about their investigation and study results .
vice chairman yang rudai , who has been concerned with agriculture for years , led some members to sichuan and gansu to investigate and study the situation in agricultural restructuring .
he said , investigations and studies are the foundation for cppcc members to participate in and discuss government affairs , therefore the work in this aspect should be intensified .
reportedly , the cppcc national committee conducted special investigations and studies on 43 issues last year and submitted 37 reports on these issues .
before the opening of the session , members warmly talked with one another in the east hall .
we must depend on the unity and struggle of the people of all nationalities to accelerate the development of western regions . "
sun qi , chairman of the cppcc liaoning provincial committee , was soliciting the signatures of other members at the great hall by holding in his hand the motion : " the state should begin collecting the social security tax as early as possible , " that was carefully considered and written by himself .
just at this moment , chen hongduo , academician of the chinese academy of engineering , solemnly signed his name because he had long studied this issue and agreed with it .
he said : " it is cppcc members ' duty to investigate and study the conspicuous issues in economic and social activities and to offer advice and suggestions to relevant government departments . "
member dong shilin from zhejiang university asked for statistical data from working staff and planned to bring them back to his lodging place for careful study .
member chen yu stood in front of the computer , searching and reading the data and figures concerning the counties below the poverty line .
this member , who used to work in qinghai and guizhou , said with a strong feeling : " this year is the last year to fulfill the seven - year poverty reduction plan , while the task remains very arduous .
i want to offer a suggestion on this issue during the current session .
checking some data here can make my suggestion more scientific and accurate . "
holding consultations on state affairs and serving the interests of the whole .
he said : the strategy of sustainable development is one of our country 's basic policies , which is also an important area where the cppcc national committee participates in the administration and discussion of state affairs .
in recent year , the cppcc national committee conducted quite a number of investigations and studies around the implementation of this strategy in many areas , achieving important results . last year , the question of environment and development was put on the agenda of the sixth meeting of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee .
members of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee conducted in - depth discussions on the question of environmental protection in china .
according to the work arrangements made by the cpc central committee and the state council , the standing committee of the cppcc national committee listed the reform of state - owned enterprises as a key subject for study and concentrated its personnel on the investigation and study of it .
at its various meetings , members of the cppcc national committee positively spoken and made proposals on implementation of the strategy for governing the country according to law .
members of the cppcc national committee who attended these briefings held that such briefings were conducive to their understanding of the situation and better performing their functions . 2 .
conducting investigations and studies and putting forward views and proposals .
ye xuanping said : the standing committee of the cppcc national committee gave top priority to conducting in - depth investigations and studies and putting forward views and proposals around the central task and made efforts to raise the level of research on special topics .
reporting on social conditions and popular sentiments through unclogged democratic channels .
these proposals involved a wide range of issues concerning every aspect of the state and social life ; some of them reflected the situation , while others included countermeasures and proposals .
in the process of handling such proposals , we made a point of selecting some important proposals and urged the relevant authorities to address them , achieving very good results .
members of these groups went among the masses in the grass - roots units to acquaint themselves with the social conditions and popular sentiments there ; then , they conscientiously wrote their inspection reports , providing important data for relevant departments under the central authorities to grasp the actual situation and improve their work .
particularly around the topics discussed at the sixth and seventh meetings of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee , two standing committee inspection groups were organized to inspect the protection of the agro - ecological environment and the reform of state - owned enterprises , achieving better results .
premier zhu rongji and vice premiers li lanqing , wu bangguo , and wen jiabao , as well as other leading comrades of the central authorities , made important written comments and instructions concerning the submitted information on many occasions .
at the same time , the cppcc national committee actively assisted the party and the government in the work of coordinating relations and defusing contradictions .
according to the principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems , " the cppcc national committee made friends abroad and worked to promote the reunification of the motherland in various ways and through various channels .
under the conditions of " one country , two systems , " we vigorously explored effective ways to increase our contacts with members of the cppcc national committee from hong kong and macao and with compatriots of various circles there .
ye xuanping said : the cppcc national committee worked vigorously to develop friendly exchanges with other countries , playing an important role in enlivening the country 's diplomacy , promoting the understanding of china by other countries , and furthering our friendship and cooperation with them .
as of february this year , the cppcc national committee had conducted friendly exchange of visits with 123 institutions in 76 countries and four international organizations , of which 18 institutions in eight countries established contacts with us following the second session of the ninth cppcc national committee . 6 .
at the same time , we also paid attention to establishing systems , revised the " general rules on the work of special committees " and the " regulations governing the work of proposals handling , " and conscientiously made preparations for revising the cppcc charter .
according to the unified arrangements made by the cpc central committee , organs under the cppcc national committee conducted education in party spirit and the party 's work style , with " laying stress on study , politics , and healthy trends " as its main content , " among cpc members at leading posts .
on the arrangements for the work of the cppcc national committee in 2000 , ye xuanping put forward his views in six aspects : 1 . putting forward views and offering advice on major issues in the construction and development of the country .
effectively stepping up research on special topics .
further strengthening democratic supervision .
while continuing to carry forward the cppcc democratic tradition and making full use of existing forms such as regular meetings , proposals , inspections , and information , we should take the initiative in exploring effective ways to strengthen democratic supervision in the new situation in order to make such supervision more effective .
issues to be particularly monitored should be selected from matters of special concern to the party and the government and those about which the masses of people are strongly complaining .
we should bring the comprehensive efficiency of democratic supervision into full play and gradually establish a standardized , orderly , and truly effective mechanism for exercising democratic supervision . 4 .
we should continue to maintain close ties with persons of all walks of life in hong kong and macao , give full play to the role of the hong kong and macao members of the cppcc national committee , and strive to maintain long - term stability and prosperity in hong kong and macao .
according to the overall arrangements for china 's diplomatic work , we should actively and properly develop friendly exchanges with other countries .
he said that acting president putin is looking forward to meeting president jiang as soon as possible .
klebanov gave a briefing on russia 's economic situation .
he said : russia 's various economic sectors are showing steady growth . the russian government is determined to overcome the crisis and lead the country gradually onto the path of prosperity and development .
he said : china thanks russia for its support on the taiwan issue ; it supports the russian government 's stand on the chechnya issue and the actions taken there . this will not change .
falungong has harmed so many people ! "
cppcc member he zuoxiu was besieged by reporters at the opening cppcc session today .
today , an educational activity centering around the main theme of " always remembering where our wealth comes from and always remembering to make further progress after becoming better - off " is being carried out in an extensive and thoroughgoing way in china 's developed coastal areas .
li changchun , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and provincial party secretary of guangdong , indicated : in our efforts to " always remember where our wealth comes from , " we should know where the " source " of our wealth lies .
the " source " lies in deng xiaoping theory , the party 's basic line , and the correct leadership of the party central committee .
in this development is embodied the painstaking work of the people of the entire country , including the people in poverty - stricken areas .
general secretary jiang 's important speech has enhanced the awareness of the vast numbers of cadres and masses for the overall situation and the overall interests of the country .
the city party committee of shenzhen stressed that shenzhen will take the overall situation into account and successfully carry out its work in all aspects by way of " creating new advantages , scaling new heights , and taking the lead in basically realizing socialist modernizations . "
the city will make vigorous efforts to push forward the building of a socialist spiritual civilization , and lay stress on a successful implementation of the educational activity of " always remembering where our wealth comes from and always remembering to make further progresses after becoming better - off . "
general secretary jiang zemin 's speech delivered in guangdong has greatly aroused the enthusiasm of coastal areas in further participating in the large - scale development of the country 's western region .
meanwhile , suzhou city has carried out in depth an education on the party 's basic theories , basic line , and basic principles , as well as an education on patriotism , collectivism , and socialism ; and has taken steps to strengthen people 's common ideal of building socialism with chinese characteristics .
beijing , 3 mar ( xinhua ) - - having been a municipality for just three years , chongqing will soon be involved in the large - scale development of the western region .
they propose that it is necessary to understand and arrange the work of the large - scale development of the western region with the interests of the whole in mind , with a sense of responsibility , in a reform spirit , and in consideration of strategic needs .
as a prelude to the strategy of large - scale development of the western region , the decision on turning chongqing into a municipality was made at a meeting of the first session of the ninth npc three years ago .
chongqing should resolutely participate in and support any projects so long as they can greatly promote the development of the western region , even if they are of little benefit to chongqing .
deputy zhao gongqing said : in infrastructure construction , chongqing will focus on building as soon as possible a number of large projects that have a bearing on the entire western region and promote regional development , and build a three - dimensional transport network connecting the region with other parts of the country .
we should keep a clear head and must not make any strategic mistake again .
in development , the western region should strive to learn from the eastern region and from the experience of developed countries .
one is to make a new breakthrough in the management systems by fine - tuning the municipal administrative system and economic regulation and control system , adapting them to chongqing 's actual conditions and making them highly efficient .
it is necessary to make great efforts to properly " clear up doubts and uncertainty " of taiwan 's new leader and the taiwan people so that they will really understand the meaning of " one country , two systems " and really understand the sincerity of the cpc and the central government .
it has been learned that jiang zemin also said although we have extremely great sincerity , unilateral willingness will not work . we are not bellicose elements and we hope to have peace and need a stable situation for economic development . however , we cannot tolerate splitting up the country .
the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee opened in beijing yesterday ; the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] will open tomorrow .
more than 5,000 npc deputies and cppcc members gathering in beijing from all quarters to attend the two sessions in this early spring is a major annual event in china 's political life .
last july , the motherland launched a resolute struggle against lee teng - hui 's [ li denghui ] " two states theory , " and the struggle has led to in the theory 's complete bankruptcy .
like what it has done in the past when it actively participated in the development of the eastern coastal region , hong kong 's business community can also find new development opportunities if it invests in the western region . china is expected to join the wto this year .
it will have a far - reaching impact on china in all fields .
currently , china 's official circles are providing in - depth explanation to all circles on the opportunities and challenges china 's accession to the wto will bring about .
it is expected that the two sessions will help create greater consensus on china 's accession to the wto and help china better prepared for its entry .
notes on starting the column this year 's " two sessions " were held in an important period at the turn of the century .
at the fourth plenary session of the 13 th cpc central committee a decade ago , comrade jiang zemin made clear that we must unswervingly and fully implement the line of building socialism with chinese characteristics and a series of basic policies , which were formulated and formed by the cpc .
this shows that the party has a completely mature understanding of this scientific theory and upheld the theory more conscientiously , clearheadedly , and firmly .
china 's basic rural changes are attributable to the correct guidance of deng xiaoping theory and to the firm leadership of the third - generation leading core .
farmers thank deng xiaoping at heart and considered deng xiaoping theory the most useful theory of contemporary china that has brought tangible benefits to them .
without such conscientiousness and staunchness , the reform and development of state enterprises are out of the question .
in the face of keen competition in recent years , handan has shifted its focus to product development and quality improvement and has developed new high value - added products . though limiting the production of overstocked commodities and reducing its inventory , it reaped 410 million in profits last year .
this theory achieved tremendous success in the return of hong kong and macao to the motherland .
the fact that hong kong has enjoyed economic prosperity and social stability and that its people have lived in peace and contentment since its reversion two years ago has proved and will continue to prove the greatness and correctness of the theory .
currently , i have seven enterprises on the motherland with the first one established in shanghai in 1985 .
it is scientific because it is feasible , as evidenced by its successful practice in the reversion of hong kong and macao . it is the sole theory because mr. deng xiaoping fully understood the international and domestic situations and found the only correct road to realizing the motherland 's reunification by peaceful means .
it is also the common aspiration of all chinese people , including the taiwan compatriots .
zeng jianhui said : we hope that the taiwan authorities will not run against the historical trend and will not create obstacles to the development of cross - strait relations and reunification of the motherland .
we hope that the two sides across the taiwan strait conduct dialogue and negotiations based on the principle of " one china " and develop healthy cross - strait relations .
jiang zemin stressed that : hong kong and macao have both returned to the embrace of the motherland .
this was a crucial victory on our path to complete national reunification .
the chinese government and people have the confidence and ability to solve the taiwan problem soon , to complete our great cause of national reunification .
chinese kmt central committee standing committee member and gansu province people 's political consultative conference vice chairman deng chengcheng noted that faster environment building and infrastructure construction are the grounds and basis for the grand development of western china .
jiang zemin listened and took notes , joining in at times on certain matters and joint debates by committee members .
upon hearing statements by committee members , jiang zemin spoke .
jiang zemin said that to solve the taiwan problem , we will continue to pursue the basic policy of " peaceful reunification under one country , two systems , " continuing to implement the eight - point position set forth in 1995 on developing cross - strait relations to promote national reunification .
the white paper that we issued recently on " the one - china principle and the taiwan problem " fully expresses our firm position on insisting on the one - china principle .
in the basic interests of our cross - strait compatriots , we are making the greatest efforts , doing all possible to solve the taiwan problem peacefully .
of course , the prerequisite is that we must adhere to the one - china principle .
but we will absolutely not promise to renounce the use of force .
thus , we are continuing as always to place our wholehearted hopes on the taiwan people .
i want to take this opportunity to solemnly state again that we fully respect the aspirations of the taiwan people to be the masters of their own affairs and their economic development , defending the vital interests of our taiwan compatriots .
we urge our taiwan compatriots to fully understand and correctly interpret our principles and policies on taiwan , intensifying their understanding of their native mainland china , to create favorable terms for an early solution of the taiwan problem .
jiang zemin said : all of you cppcc members have done much outstanding work to help the party and government implement our taiwan principles and policies , uniting our taiwan compatriots both in china and abroad .
the discussion was chaired by cppcc vice chairman and chinese kmt central committee permanent vice chairman zhou tienong .
this remark made zhu rongji and other participating members laugh .
' we would like to ask members from hong kong to air more views ' [ subhead ] originally , there was no member from hong kong among those scheduled to speak at today 's meeting .
during the discussion , zhu rongji said : we have members from hong kong , do we not ?
we would like to ask members from hong kong to air more views . do not just talk in hong kong , please also air your views here .
he expressed hope that hong kong 's economy can recover in all aspects as soon as possible ; and he also believed that hong kong will have a more magnificent prospect as a result of china 's upcoming accession to the wto .
' i dared to offend you because you are my fellow townsman ' [ subhead ] in view that too many people wished to speak at the meeting , those members who got a chance to speak were asked to make their points as brief and clear as possible .
however , member li juewen , director of the sanxiang group company ltd. , failed to come to the point long after he started to talk .
seeing this , zhu rongji interrupted and said : my fellow townsman , you had better go directly to substantive issues now .
i would not have made such a rash act if you were not my fellow townsman . i dared to offend you because you are my fellow townsman .
' i have an opportunity to speak tomorrow ' [ subhead ] at today 's meeting , 17 members aired their views and made suggestions on issues concerning the rural economy , state enterprise reform , the development of the western region , and increases in salary .
all members at the meeting wanted zhu rongji to give a speech , yet zhu rongji said : i have an opportunity to talk tomorrow , talk for the whole morning . if you have more to say today , please feel free to do so .
after the members finished giving their views , zhu rongji indicated : all your suggestions and opinions are good . i have written them down in my notebook , and will surely study them with all seriousness . all these views are of great value , and they are also what the state council is studying day and night .
your views are of great help to improving the work of the government , and will prove highly constructive to promoting our democratic and scientific decision - making process .
therefore , i would like to express my sincere thanks to all of you here .
according to him , this is one of the major aspects of the current npc 's legislative target of forming a preliminary socialist legal system with chinese characteristics by the end of its term of office .
the third session of the ninth npc today held its first news conference at the great hall of the people .
in addition , the state council has drawn up more than 800 sets of administrative laws , and regulations and local people 's congresses and their standing committees have drawn up more than 7,000 local laws and regulations .
zeng jianhui said : one of the current npc 's focuses in legislation is to pay close attention to drawing up relevant laws according to the needs of reform , development , and stability in the country at present .
in advancing the development of socialist democratic politics , the npc revised the law governing organization of villagers ' committees and drew up and adopted the administrative reconsideration law .
zeng jianhui also revealed that relevant departments in china are currently studying and revising some laws to prepare for accession to the wto .
zeng jianhui said : cheng kejie has asked the npc and its standing committee for a leave , and the npc standing committee , after studying his request , has decided to approve his request for absence from the npc session and to agree that he does not become a member of the presidium of the npc session .
cheng kejie has served as chairman of the guangxi autonomous regional government and is a deputy elected by the guangxi autonomous regional people 's congress .
zhang zhaozhong , noted military theoretician and professor at the national defense university , is of the view that peaceful reunification is the guiding principle on the resolution of the taiwan issue .
as taiwan 's presidential elections are to be held soon , we can still wait patiently to see if a better opportunity will come .
for the first 30 years of the 50 years after new china was founded , the mainland was preparing for war . only for the remaining 20 years did it launch reform and opening up , as well as economic construction .
our country has become increasingly prosperous and its comprehensive national strengthen has been enhanced significantly .
the state should not consider making war for the sake of war .
regarding the issue of china 's accession to the world trade organization (wto) , zeng jianhui said various relevant departments in china are making preparations , including relevant legal preparation , for joining wto in accordance with the principles of wto and the commitments made , as well as the principle of rights being commensurate with obligations .
he said that china takes a solemn and responsible attitude toward the commitments it has made in the process of joining wto .
after joining wto , china can entirely fulfill its commitments and perform its due obligations .
through election , zhang wannian acts as the head of the delegation , and chi haotian and yu yongbo act as the deputy heads of the delegation .
zhang wannian made a speech at a meeting to mark the formation of the delegation yesterday .
it is necessary to actively study , explore and discuss the general plan for the country 's economic construction and the invigoration and development of the society , and study and explore thoroughly new ideas and new methods for the armed forces to support and take part in the economic construction of the country .
it has been learned that the pla delegation to the third session of the ninth npc numbers 267 people and the delegation is divided into eight groups for various activities .
this morning , li lanqing came to the 21 st century hotel in beijing to attend the joint meeting for the members of the cppcc national committee from the educational circles .
he disclosed that a general principle on a two - level running of schools will be established in this year 's program for the reform and development of higher education .
after the members aired their views , which took a whole hour , a smiling li lanqing said : i know it is my turn to speak ; in fact , i also feel the great urge to talk .
the student answered : " the school has opened a ' si - pin ' course for us . "
li did not understand : " a ' shi bing [ dried persimmon ] ' course ? "
when talking about the issue as how education can support the development of the country 's western region , li lanqing said : elementary education is of utmost importance .
the country 's eastern region can consider to provide counterpart support to the western region by sending them both exchange teachers and teaching equipment . we should have the determination to enhance the level of elementary education in china 's western region .
at the meeting , li lanqing also exchanged views with the members on such issues as vocational education , network education , and civilian - run education .
" qiao bao " quotes an observer in a 4 march report noting that : some media have previously claimed that since the white paper issued by the chinese government on " the one - china principle and the taiwan problem " has had a certain " negative effect , " they expect the prc to soften its stance .
but the position portrayed in the ongoing tv series " chinese army " shows that china 's leaders and the chinese government will absolutely not soften their stance at all on the matter of any form of " taiwan independence . "
any " taiwan independence " plot will be nothing but a case of " an egg breaking on the rocks . "
the report says that : since the impressive martial display of the 1999 [ national day ] parade , why is the display continuing through the tv series " chinese army ? "
an official military source says that the 1999 parade showed a static exterior view of the weaponry , while the " chinese army " shows its real combat effectiveness integrating man with machine .
so it is undoubtedly an empirical interpretation of the " resolve and capability to defend national reunification " that the chinese army has repeatedly declared .
in which respect , a beijing taiwan expert notes that on basic matters involving national sovereignty and reunification , there is no issue of threat versus no threat , because the armed forces per se are a deterrent force to defend national security .
the " chinese army " is a show for sensible people . if certain diehard " taiwan independence " figures do not understand , they are fooling either themselves , the voters , or the common people .
" qiao bao " is acting in line with the 15 - part tv series " chinese army " to specially run 10 exclusive issues on " a sharp display of china 's military might . "
the first one today has graphics and text comprehensively introducing the march of the chinese army into the 21 st century .
" shijie ribao " stresses that " the scenes of various exercises shown at the opening of the cppcc to taiwan on the eve of its general election will have a strong visual impact . "
the atmosphere was lively and enthusiastic at the meeting where over 100 people attended and the committee members took the floor one after another .
committee member he zhukang said that the central authorities decision to regard readjusting the structure of agriculture and the rural economy and improving quality and efficiency as the central task is entirely correct .
besides , the government should also provide help and support .
committee member lai yaowu put forward that to implement the strategy to develop the western region , it is necessary to focus efforts on improving the investment environment of the western region . it is necessary to improve both the hard environment and the soft environment , and the crux is to attract capable personnel and keep them there .
while listening to the speakers , zhu rongji seriously made notes .
when he discovered committee members from hong kong had not yet made any speech , he said with special concern : " let committee members from hong kong have some time to air their views . "
with the premier 's " special concern , " tian beijun , zhuang qicheng , lu zonglin , and other committee members from hong kong spoke at the meeting one after another .
they gave a account of the economic development in hong kong and aired their views and made proposals on the economic policies of the country .
after listening to the speeches of 17 committee members , zhu rongji spoke .
he thanked members of the national committee for their support to the government 's work in the past year and for their valuable views and proposals .
so long as we seriously implement a series of central policies and measure to promote reform , opening up and economic development , correctly handle the relationship between reform , development and stability , we shall certainly be able to do this year 's work even better .
cppcc vice chairmen chen junsheng , hu qili , chen jinhua and jing shuping attended today 's joint - group meeting .
he said that the due to the lack of adequate mineral resources china 's national economic development does not have sufficient support .
he proposed establishing a mineral resources reserve system and increasing efficiency in the use of mineral resources .
he proposed strengthening humanities education in primary and middle schools and in colleges , paying more attention to developing humanities courses , and creating a healthy humanities environment in society .
chen zongde , zhao zhanyue , su jilan , tian zhaowu , liang yuning , qu qinyue , and deng tuanzi , cppcc members without party affiliation , expressed their views on developing the western region , supervising the cadres , and developing ethnic minority regions .
zhao yufen , li dawei , xue chao , ge jian , and guo guoqing , cppcc members from the communist youth league and the all - china youth federation , spoke on the issues of developing the country through science and education , building civilized youth communities , and promoting early reunification of the motherland .
during his discussion with cppcc members without party affiliations , hu jintao said : people without party affiliations are an irreplaceable and important force in china 's socialist modernization drive .
in the discussion with cppcc members from the communist youth league and the all - china youth federation , hu jintao stressed : young people in the contemporary era are a cross - century generation shouldering the historical responsibility of carrying forward the cause pioneered by our predecessors and forging ahead into the future .
whether working to accomplish their current mission or to achieve the long - term development objectives , political awareness and struggle are indispensable for our young people today .
communist youth league and all - china youth federation organizations must proceed from the overall and strategic perspective and do a good job of uniting , educating , and training the vast number of young people in order to bring their role into better play .
cppcc national committee vice chairmen zhang siqing and sun fuling attended this afternoon 's discussions .
beijing , 4 mar ( xinhua ) - - an important speech made by general secretary jiang zemin during his inspection of guangdong has evoked strong , nationwide repercussions .
for the last few days , cadres at various levels in various localities have been conscientiously studying the spirit of this speech and extensively conducting the " three stresses " education , promoting the development of various undertakings .
districts and counties under beijing municipality have held meetings of cadres one after another , conveying the spirit of the important speech made by general secretary jiang in guangdong and having lively discussions on the speech according to actual conditions .
ji lin , secretary of the miyun county cpc committee , said : general secretary jiang 's speech systematically summed up the work achievements and successful experiences over the past 10 years , comprehensively analyzed the domestic and international situation , and clearly pointed out the major problems to be solved at present .
we should take the " three stresses " education as a turning point , vigorously perform our work in various fields , and promote economic development and social stability throughout the county .
the important speech made by general secretary jiang in guangdong has inspired cadres at various levels in various localities .
tan xianchao , secretary of the dahua yao autonomous county cpc committee in guangxi , said : his county is one of the poverty - stricken counties receiving priority aid from the state and also a unit selected for making experiments in the conduct of the " three stresses " education at the county level .
party organizations at various levels throughout the country have been conscientiously studying the spirit of the speech made by general secretary jiang zemin in guangdong and taking the " three stresses " education as a driving force for improving the style of work and economic work .
cadres throughout the county will firmly seize the opportunity offered by the large - scale development of the western region and , in an ever more positive spirit , lead the people of various nationalities in the county in shaking off poverty and getting better - off .
cadres at various levels in various localities said : with the guidance of the spirit of general secretary jiang 's speech and the correct leadership of the party central committee and party committees at various levels , tangible results will certainly be achieved in the conduct of the " three stresses " education .
as far as the work of the city commission for the reform of the economic structure is concerned , the stress of work is to put on resolving outstanding contradictions in the reform of state - owned enterprises this year .
yin guangli , secretary of the funan county cpc committee in anhui , held : effectively conducting the " three stresses " education will be an important sign of doing a good job in this regard across the country .
legislation should serve the central work of the nation and should be integrated with major reform policies and policies aimed at speeding up economic development and ensuring social stability .
legislation is one of the npc 's major tasks and responsibilities . the npc has a clear legislation goal .
it is of major practical significance and far - reaching historical significance . through two decades of reforms and opening up , china 's comprehensive national strength has notably increased and a socialist market economic system has been preliminarily established .
li peng also stressed the need to accelerate the development of infrastructure in the western region .
li peng made a special point of discussing the question of combating corruption . he said : fellow cppcc members have just given us their good suggestions .
we must set up a sound system and related mechanisms and intensify our efforts to punish corrupt officials .
speaking of china 's accession to the wto , li peng pointed out : the multipolarization of the world , the economic globalization , and the rapid advance of science and technology have brought risks and rigorous challenge as well as rare development opportunities to the chinese nation .
at the joint cdl and cdnca group discussion , cppcc members from different regions and professions took the floor one after another to express their views on a wide range of issues .
bearing with them the hopes and trust of the 1.2 billion people , nearly 3,000 npc deputies from various parts of the motherland gathered in beijing to attend the third session of the ninth npc being held here .
this is a conference held at the important moment of the turn of the century and the millennium .
this major event in the political life of the people of all nationalities in china will have an important meaning in china 's reform , development and stability .
the advance from 1999 and 2000 marked a major turning point , an important opportunity for development .
as the new century is just round the corner , the achievements and experiences of the past year and the situation and tasks of the new year become even more special as a link between the past and the future .
in the past year , we upheld the party 's basic line , fully implemented the policy of expanding domestic demand , actively promoted various reforms , met the anticipated economic growth targets , and achieved new successes in various undertakings .
since this year is the final year in meeting the important targets before the end of the this century , the tasks of deepening the reforms , promoting development , safeguarding stability and strengthening ideological and political work are very arduous .
doing this year 's work well means a lot to the realization of china 's cross - century development targets .
in his spring festival greetings to the people of all nationalities in china and all ethic and oversea chinese abroad , comrade jiang zemin wished " prosperity , richness and strength for the motherland and happiness and good health for the people . "
these well - meant words of greetings reflect the aspirations of the sons and daughters of the chinese nation , express the strong will of the chinese nation to achieve its great rejuvenation , and represent the long - cherished ideal of the chinese people .
emancipating the mind , seeking truth from facts , and creatively unfolding work within the scope of the constitution and the laws will be of great importance in further bringing into play the superiority and role of the system of people 's congresses .
at all times and under all circumstances , the starting and goal in all our work must be in the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of the people .
these are the essential factors leading to the emergence of communists , and also to the inexorable victory of the socialist system .
science and technology are primary productive forces .
jiang zemin pointed out : after their return to the motherland , both hong kong and macao have entered a new period of historical development .
jiang zemin stressed : it is the common desire of the people of all nationalities throughout the country to maintain the long - term prosperity , stability , and development of hong kong and macao .
jiang zemin and li ruihuan participated in a joint meeting held by members of the cppcc national committee from hong kong and macao and heard their speeches at the meeting .
in his speech at the joint meeting , hsu szu - min [ xu simin ] , director of the hong kong paper " ching pao , " said : documents of the 15 th cpc national congress made reference to giving play to the role of supervision by public opinion .
after hearing the speeches by members of the cppcc national committee , jiang zemin delivered an important speech .
he first briefed the members of the cppcc national committee on the situation in our country 's reform , opening up , and modernization drive .
referring to hong kong , jiang zemin said : when i met with you here on 4 march last year , hong kong 's economy had yet to be eased up from the impact of the asian financial crisis .
this is why i then hoped that you would keep up your spirits and tide over the difficulties together .
today we meet again , but the situation is quite different .
the practice of hong kong in the past two - odd years since its return to the motherland shows that the concept of " one country , two systems " is all correct and that hong kong people running hong kong with a high degree of autonomy is feasible .
referring to macao , jiang zemin pointed out : macao smoothly returned to the motherland on 20 december last year .
we believe that the future of macao will be bright and beautiful .
qian qichen , member of the cpc central committee political bureau and vice premier of the state council , participated in the joint meeting .
a warm atmosphere prevailed at a joint meeting held by members of the cppcc national committee from educational circles , and those present took the floor one after another .
wang zhongmin , member of the cppcc national committee , suggested that attention be paid to the on - the - job training of qualified personnel in the western region .
zhao pengda , president of china geologic university and member of the cppcc national committee , proposed that institutions of higher learning take part in planning and carrying out the development of the western region .
we should make full use of our advantages and improve the living and working conditions for the scientists and educators in the western region in order to fully arouse the initiative of the scientists , technicians , and educators . we should retain and attract qualified personnel and bring their role into full play .
we should vigorously promote the combination of production with institutions of higher learning and research institutes ; we should be market - oriented , turn scientific and technological achievements into commodities , and accelerate the development of high - tech industries in the western region .
li lanqing also exchange views with members of the cppcc national committee on the reform of the educational system in institutions of higher learning and on questions concerning vocational education , li lanqing also took part in a joint meeting held by members of the cppcc national committee form literary and art circles in the afternoon .
shang changrong , vice president of the chinese dramatists association and member of the cppcc national committee , proposed that traditional arts be combined with the needs of the times .
wei minglun , vice president of the chinese dramatists association and member of the cppcc national committee , suggested that great efforts be made to develop the national theater .
jin shangyi , member of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee and president of the central academy of fine arts , proposed that attention be paid to carrying out cultural construction and maintaining architectural culture with distinguishing qualities .
nima zeren , first - grade artist at the sichuan provincial research institute of culture and history and member of the cppcc national committee , suggested that effective measures be taken to protect the cultures and arts of minority nationalities in the western region .
in doing literary and art work , we should adhere to the policy of " letting a hundred flowers blossom and a hundred schools of thought contend " and take effective measures to promote the thriving of literary and artistic creation .
with stress on reflecting reality and giving full scope to the central theme of our times , it is necessary to create a large number of literary and artistic works loved by the people . the reform of literary and art undertakings should be accelerated so as to advance the building of the socialist spiritual civilization .
also , we should absorb results of other nations ' advanced civilizations ; by learning from others ' strong points to make up our deficiencies , we will be able to bring about ever greater literary and art prosperity .
song jian , qian zhengying , luo haocai , and wang wenyuan , vice chairmen of the cppcc national committee , and responsible officials of relevant departments attended today 's joint meetings .
in face of the new century , we should hold still higher the great banner of deng xiaoping theory , firm up our faith in the ideal of socialism with chinese characteristics , and victoriously stride into the new century .
in the past few days , the deputies in our delegation have been thinking over what are the " sources " of the rapid economic development in fujian .
these " sources " include the great banner of deng xiaoping theory , the conviction on the party 's basic line , the faith in the ideal of building socialism with chinese characteristics , and the staunch and powerful leadership of the party 's central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core .
over the past 20 - odd years , earthshaking changes have taken place in fujian 's economic and social appearances with the aggregate quantity of the economy continuously increasing .
in the final analysis , the party 's basic theory and basic line have conformed to the will and common aspirations of the people .
the earthshaking changes have enabled the people in the old liberated areas to profoundly cherish in their hearts the conviction of steadfastly following the road of socialism with chinese characteristics .
reporter liu ruijia reported from the group of scientific and technological circles of the chinese people 's political consultative conference ( cppcc ) : the cppcc members had deep feelings when they talked about their faith in the ideal of socialism with chinese characteristics .
in a bid to narrow the gap between the western developed countries and ourselves , it is imperative to vigorously develop our economy , quietly immerse ourselves in hard work , and firmly grasp the center of economic construction .
reporter jiang wei reported from the hainan npc delegation : deputies from hainan maintain that deng xiaoping theory , which combines marxism with the practice of contemporary china and the special characteristics of the times , is a scientific theory that has made exploration , summation , and verification in practice .
deputy wang guangxian said : the promotion of hainan to a provincial status and as a special economic zone was a significant move personally initiated by comrade deng xiaoping , which is a major indication of faster economic development , deeper reform , and wider opening up in china .
deputy gu changchun said : since reform and opening up , it is precisely because we have all along firmly cherished the faith in the ideal of building socialism with chinese characteristics and unswervingly adhered to deng xiaoping theory and the basic line that we have been able to attain such tremendous achievements .
workers and staff members should be organized to conduct extensive labor emulation , to make rationalization proposals and technological innovations , and to carry out other economic and technological - innovation activities .
all such work is set according to the nature and tasks of the trade unions , which meets the requirements for safeguarding the overall interests of the people across the country and for safeguarding the specific interests of the workers and staff members .
to prevent infringing on the legitimate rights and interests of workers and staff members and effectively perform this work , trade unions must be good at mobilizing and organizing workers and staff members to do a good job in democratic supervision .
comrade deng xiaoping warned us long ago that it is necessary to have a mass supervision system and to let the masses and party members supervise the cadres , especially the leading cadres .
comrade jiang zemin also repeatedly required us to widen the supervision channels and give full play to the supervisory role of the masses of people .
organizing workers and staff members to exercise democratic supervision is a right entrusted to the trade unions by the law .
to properly exercising this right , it is necessary to do the following : 1 . supervision should be exercised according to law .
actual results should be achieved in democratic supervision .
efforts should be made to strengthen effective supervision mechanisms to restrain the acts of infringing on the democratic - supervision right of workers and staff members .
dong wande , member of the standing committee of the liaoning provincial cpc committee , president of the liaoning provincial federation of trade unions , and member of the cppcc national committee , said : carrying out trade unions ' various tasks depend on the strengthening of organizations at the grass - roots level .
dealing with the work of the all - china federation of returned overseas chinese , he tianfa , vice chairman of the hong kong , macao , taiwan , and overseas chinese affairs committee under the cppcc national committee , held that the leadership system of local federation of returned overseas chinese should be further straightened out .
wu chengye , president of overseas chinese university and member of the cppcc national committee , said that considerable progress has been made in education in the chinese language abroad in recent years , however , measures are yet to be taken in the supply of teaching materials and teachers .
li guixian , zhu guangya , and mao zhiyong , vice chairmen of the cppcc national committee , also participated in the discussion held by members of the cppcc national committee from trade unions and from among the returned overseas chinese .
beijing , 4 mar ( xinhua ) - - responding to reporters ' questions , zeng jianhui , news spokesman for the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] , stressed today that the current npc and its standing committee will place great emphasis on exercising their legislative and supervision functions .
zeng jianhui said : the current session will examine a draft legislative law .
he said that , focusing on establishing a socialist market economic system , the current npc and its standing committee formulated a number of laws and law - related decisions , such as the contract law , securities law , public bidding law , sole - proprietor enterprise law .
this aspect of work can be summed up with the words " three , four , and five . "
the npc standing committee also adopted various approaches , such as carrying out law enforcement inspections and hearing work reports of law enforcement organs , in order to strengthen its supervision on whether administrative organs , judicial organs , and officials of these organs fulfil their duties according to law .
he said that , over the past year , the npc standing committee has made definite progress in its supervision work and has accumulated experiences for formulation of the supervision law .
based on individual decisions and laws on supervision work , the npc standing committee will sum up practical experiences and make earnest efforts to draft the supervision law .
zeng jianhui spoke to reporters about the above issues at a news conference held at the great hall of the people this morning .
zhang wannian said : bringing about total reunification of the motherland is a common will and wish of all chinese people , including taiwan compatriots .
since hong kong 's and macao 's reversion to the motherland , settling the taiwan issue to finally accomplish the motherland 's reunification has more prominently lain in front of us .
over the years , we have adhered to the principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems , " forcefully promoting development of cross - strait relations and laying an important foundation for accomplishing the great cause of motherland 's reunification .
what calls for our vigilance is that the splittist forces in taiwan have insisted on doing things their way , tried to strengthen their hands with foreign forces , confused and poisoned people 's minds , and gone further on the road of splitting the motherland .
zhang wannian solemnly and justly pointed out : the pla is a great wall of steel for defending the motherland , and it shoulders the sacred duty of ensuring china 's national security and territorial integrity and the motherland 's reunification .
this is our long - held stand .
the chinese pla completely has the resolve , confidence , ability , and way to defend national sovereignty and territorial integrity , and by no means will tolerate and sit by idly watching any plot to split the motherland succeed .
peaceful reunification between taiwan and the mother mainland is in line with the fundamental interests of compatriots on the two sides of the strait and of the chinese nation .
the two sides of the strait must not remain separated forever and the taiwan issue must not drag on indefinitely .
we also believe that the large number of taiwan compatriots , including officers and men of taiwan 's military , will make a wise choice at a moment affecting china 's overall national interest and their own fates .
we firmly believe that , under the strong leadership of the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin at its core , and with common efforts of all chinese people , including taiwan compatriots and overseas chinese , the motherland 's total reunification definitely can be achieved .
beijing , 5 mar (zxs) - - jiefangjun bao will publish tomorrow a commentator 's article , entitled " ' taiwan independence ' means war. "
the article says the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " published by the chinese government has evoked strong repercussions at home and abroad .
putting an end to the situation of the separation of the two sides of the strait at an early date and realizing complete reunification of the motherland is where the fundamental interests of the chinese nation lies , and is an irresistible historical trend .
because of this , the cpc and the chinese government have shown the greatest sincerity and made the greatest efforts to strive for the realization of peaceful reunification in accordance with the " one country , two system " principle .
the " constitutional white paper " published not long ago is in essence a " taiwan independence declaration . "
we must never be misled by his sweet words .
besides , we have consistently opposed foreign forces ' meddling in the taiwan issue and opposed the attempts of some people in the us congress to sell advanced weapons to taiwan under all kinds of pretexts and by means of concocting the " taiwan security enhancement act. "
however , this principle is based on the principle of adhering to the one - china principle , which is also the prerequisite of the former .
we hope to have peaceful reunification and know fully well that the taiwan compatriots are also eager for peace . we do not hope to see a war and believe the taiwan compatriots do not want to see a war and do not want to see compatriots of the same flesh and blood resorting to arms against each other .
we have the greatest sincerity to realize peaceful reunification , and will do all we can and make the greatest efforts to strive for peaceful reunification .
however , we must explicitly point out : " taiwan independence " means war and splitting up cannot result in peace .
this is because " taiwan independence " and a split will only undermine china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , will only split taiwan from the motherland , and will only make it impossible to have peaceful reunification of the motherland .
creating a split and seeking independence under whatever name and in whatever way by the " taiwan independence " and splittist forces is the most serious provocation against china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
realizing the complete reunification of the motherland is in the highest interest of the country and the nation , is the firm and unshakable will of all the chinese people , and is a great goal that can never be changed .
on this major issue of principle on which the future and destiny of the chinese nation hinge , there is no room for compromise at all .
however , regarding " taiwan independence " and the splittist forces , the millions of bold warriors of the pla are ready in full battle array , maintain high vigilance , and will never tolerate or sit idly by to see the success of any attempt to split up china .
there is an old saying in china : good will be rewarded with good , and evil with evil . if it is not rewarded , the time has not yet come . once the time comes , everything will be rewarded .
all chinese people , including the taiwan compatriots and the taiwan officers and men , let us unite to oppose a split , stop " taiwan independence , " and jointly strive for the peaceful reunification of the motherland .
beijing , 5 mar (zts) - - a number of high - ranking military officers of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] attending the national people 's congress [ npc ] said today that " taiwan independence " means war , and that settlement of the question of taiwan cannot be delayed indefinitely .
there is no question that the pla can beat taiwan , including fighting the united states .
zhao guojun , commander of a naval fleet [ bureau record shows him as deputy chief of general staff of the navy ] , said : there are overseas reports saying that the pla does not have the power to attack taiwan .
there are currently forces in the united states that do not want to see china reunified .
jin renxie , chief of staff of the chengdu mr , said : the key now is whether the new leader to be elected in taiwan will promote one china or two china 's after he assumes the post .
early one morning several days ago , press photographers were sauntering outside a bank . that was because the people of beijing were queuing up here .
it seems that more people are taking out bank deposits to buy tax - free long - term treasury bonds this year since the introduction of the interest tax last november .
people may notice that in his " report on the work of the government " today , premier zhu has rongji devoted a lot of paragraphs to discussions of the economy .
- - we should make reform measures more transparent , improve people 's psychological expectations , and encourage people to increase immediate spending .
- - we should actively promote service - type consumption , such as telecommunications , tourism , and cultural , recreational , health care and sports facilities .
analysts believe that the use of these new terms in the government work report highlights the new response and new policies of the government leadership in coping with the new economic situation .
in its new proposals , the government has come to understand the importance of " consumption " and " service " and that these two markets represent the real " domestic demand . "
however , some risks seem to be present all the time .
it goes like this : " when control is lifted , things become lax ; when control is lax , things become chaotic ; when the situation is chaotic , strict control is imposed ; when control is strict , things become rigid ; when things become too rigid , control is lifted . "
zhu rongji says that this has been " controlled within a tolerable scope " and that " the ability of fiscal repayment is guaranteed . "
observers here believe from what they see of the government 's new response under the new economic situation that china can still expect steady economic growth this year .
both the chinese and foreign media have noticed that in the work report delivered on behalf of the cppcc standing committee , ye xuanping lashed out three times at li denghui 's " two - state theory " by name , and strongly condemned the attempts of the taiwan authorities for their moves to split the motherland .
according to a cppcc member , by criticizing li denghui by name , ye xuanping aimed to tell the several " presidential candidates " in taiwan to make a clean break with li denghui , the " chief representative of taiwan independence " ; and to part from the " li denghui line . "
he also reiterated : we have placed hopes on the taiwan authorities , and have all the more placed hopes on taiwan people ; and we are willing to , together with the vast numbers of taiwan compatriots , make continued efforts to promote the cross - strait relations and to realize the peaceful reunification of the motherland .
the chinese people have the determination and the absolute ability to bring about an early settlement to the taiwan issue , and to complete the great cause of the reunification of the motherland .
both inside and outside the meeting place of the " two sessions , " topics on the taiwan issue and the reunification issue still remain the focus of discussion among the delegates and members .
cppcc member yun damian expressed his support for the one - china principle , and reiterated his resolute opposition to separatist activities of various forms .
he pointed out : throughout the history , taiwan has always been one part of the chinese territory and a province in china ; therefore , no matter how hard one may try to advocate the " two - state theory , " he cannot change anything .
li denghui 's " two - state theory " is a ridiculous statement .
as regards the timetable for the settlement of the taiwan issue , he believed it is hard to tell for sure , and the crux of the matter is that the issue cannot be dragged on indefinitely .
cppcc member shi ziqing noted : china always pursues a peaceful reunification .
no matter who wins the upcoming taiwan election , he cannot split the motherland . he hopes that the appearance of a new leader in taiwan can help prompt political negotiations between the two sides of the strait .
hong kong , 5 mar (zts) - - the white paper entitled " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " issued by the state council of china has constituted a great shock to taiwan society , in political and academic circles as well as the " presidential " election .
in particular , they have no clear policies and propositions for taiwan 's crucial position during political talks and concerning the definition of one china , which makes the taiwan people in all walks of life feel extremely anxious .
taiwan public opinion held that cross - strait relations have reached an extremely important critical moment and that during the last stage of taiwan 's presidential election , the cross - strait issue will continue to ferment and become the biggest variable which influences the results of the election .
and after the presidential election , no matter which group of candidates wins , it cannot avoid the cross - strait issue . they must realistically face the white paper on the one - china principle and formulate feasible policies on cross - strait relations that can make the people on both sides of the strait feel at ease .
he said : we should fully understand the great strategic significance in the work of actively developing west china . we should seize precious opportunities , work urgently , and take immediate actions .
buhe pointed out : the work of actively developing west china is a large - scale and systematic project . we must stress key tasks and systematically implement them .
we should strengthen leadership , intensify propaganda , and improve laws and regulations .
we should enable the broad masses of cadres and people to earnestly , comprehensively , and correctly understand the central authorities ' strategic plans so that we can properly carry out this great undertaking which has eternal impacts on future generations .
soon after taking a seat at the beijing hall of the great hall of the people , li said : " as an npc deputy of the beijing municipality , i am going to deliberate the government work report with you .
i hope we shall center our discussion around the report .
the main topics discussed by the deputies today involve reducing the burdens of primary and middle school students , advancing quality education , and stepping up moral character education among teenagers .
in their speeches , zhang gongqing , sun weigang , and li jinhai said that education should serve the cause of socialism and meet the growing needs of society .
jiang xiaoke , who has been engaging in environmental protection work for many years , has repeatedly talked about this issue at panel discussions .
in her view , the beijing municipality has taken air pollution control as a focus of its work and has attained some results .
in the future , it will be necessary to continue to take effective measures to step up environmental protection work in the whole of society .
li peng listened attentively to the views of the deputies and seriously took notes . after the deputies finished speaking , he expressed his views .
first of all , he said he agreed with the government work report made by premier zhu rongji on behalf of the state council .
later , he put forward his views on various issues , such as the correct handling of the relationship between reform , development , and stability ; china 's accession to the world trade organization ( wto ) ; the advancement of quality education ; and intensified control of the environment .
in line with central planning , the beijing municipality should grasp well the intensity of reform in order to maintain social stability and make the people live and work in peace and contentment .
economic globalization , which is the trend of the times , presents us with both opportunities and challenges .
with regard to the question of advancing quality education , li said : " with a mighty force passing through a difficult path , " this baton is affecting our quality education .
society needs all kinds of talented people . it is necessary to change the outdated concept concerning talented people and advocate the need for " every profession to produce its own leading authority . "
he said : last year , the beijing municipality made a lot of progress in all fields of endeavor , and the face of its urban construction changed considerably . it has contributed to the grand celebrations marking the 50 th anniversary of the founding of the prc .
as a beijing resident , i agree that beijing should submit an application to sponsor the olympic games in 2008 .
it is hoped that beijing will continue to exert great efforts in environmental protection work and intensify environmental control .
jia qinglin , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and secretary of the beijing municipal cpc committee , and he luli , vice chairman of the npc standing committee , also attended the meeting .
he pointed out that whatever work we are tackling , we must seek truth from facts and base our work on reality .
we can only achieve solid and tangible results by formulating policy and carrying out work in close connection with local reality .
hainan deputies du qinglin , wang xiaofeng , wang faren , wang yuquan , and du bilan spoke on speeding up hainan 's economic development , enhancing overall economic quality , enlivening the state enterprises , meeting the challenge of entry into the world trade organization , developing fishery resources , and developing marine economy .
the atmosphere at the meeting of both delegations was enthusiastic ; jiang zemin listened by the side , interposed at times , and held discussions with the deputies on a number of issues .
it is necessary to step up the party 's ideological , organizational , and work style building and the building of the leadership groups at all levels and of the cadre force in connection with the new historical conditions , and in particular , do a good job in building the grassroots party organizations .
special economic zones must advance in the forefront not only in reform and opening up and economic development but also in building socialist spiritual civilization .
only by doing an ever better job in building material and spiritual civilization can we fully display the superiority of socialism with chinese characteristics .
the western provinces and autonomous regions must seize the opportunity , base their work on reality , be clear about the idea of development geared to the new century , and speed up their development .
jiang zemin pointed out that in speeding up infrastructure construction with state support , the western areas must give priority to developing education and science and technology .
the key to developing the west lies in talent , and the key to cultivating talent lies in education ; it is first necessary to concentrate forces for promoting primary education .
the key to whether the opportunity can be seized and development speeded up lies in the leadership and in the quality of the personnel .
the leading party and government cadres at all levels must achieve great improvement , from ideological style to work style , so as to meet the demands of the new situation and tasks .
building a strong and effective cadre force is an important guarantee for making a success of the big development of the west .
in connection with " three stresses " education , we should enhance the quality of the cadre force and the cohesion and combat strength of the party organizations .
he emphasized the necessity to vigorously implement the strategy of rejuvenating the nation by applying scientific and technological advances and promoting education , and to take a further step to promote the reform of the medical care system .
in the jiangsu room of the great hall of the people , the deputies concentrated their discussion on the government work report and expressed their views in light of their actual work .
he also suggested that network information techniques be adopted to develop long - distance education .
then he expressed his views .
he said : with the rapid development of science and technology at the turn of the century , there has been some inkling of a knowledge - based economy , and the trial of strength among nations is becoming more and more intense day by day . we are facing very rigorous challenges as well as tremendous opportunities .
so long as we seize the opportunities and vigorously implement the strategy of rejuvenating the nation by applying scientific and technological advances and promoting education , we will be able to achieve great development .
legqog , chairman of the tibet regional government and an npc deputy , took the floor first .
this is the specific manifestation of comrade deng xiaoping 's strategic thinking on the " two overall situations . " it is an inevitable requirement for realizing the grand objective of china 's development transcending the century . it also offers a golden opportunity for tibet 's development in the new century .
in the final analysis , the implementation of the strategy to develop the west means continuously improving the living standards of the people and attaining common prosperity of all ethnic groups .
in the entire process of the implementation of the strategy , we should think of the masses , work for them , unite the people of all nationalities , and ensure that the strategy will bring practical benefits to all the ethnic groups in tibet .
the continuous development of tibet 's economic construction and other social undertakings and the achievements attained in recent years are inseparable from our efforts to maintain social stability .
in the new situation , it is inevitably required by the stability of the overall situation of the whole country to maintain the stability of tibet . herein lies the fundamental interest of the people of all nationalities in tibet and the guarantee for tibet 's development .
he warned taiwan 's splittist forces that those playing with fire are bound to get burnt .
taiwan is a part of the sacred territory of china , and the chinese people will by no means allow even an inch of territory to be split from the motherland .
we want to sternly warn those splittist elements that those playing with fire are bound to get burnt , and troublemakers who undermine reunification will certainly come to no good end .
any plot to split china is fated to fail .
chi haotian also offered his opinions on further reforming and improving the national defense mobilization system , the military 's participation in and support for the great development of the western region , and other issues .
beijing , 5 mar ( xinhua ) - - jiefangjun bao on 6 march is to carry a commentator 's article entitled " ' taiwan independence ' means war. "
in his government work report made at the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] , premier zhu rongji further expounded on the chinese government 's consistent position on resolving the taiwan issue .
terminating the separate state of the two sides of the strait and realizing the complete reunification of the motherland at an early date are where the fundamental interests of the chinese nation lie , as well as an irreversible historical trend .
to this end , the cpc and the chinese government have shown greatest sincerity and made utmost efforts to realize peaceful reunification in the form of " one country , two systems . "
however , the " taiwan independence " and separatist forces who concocted the " two - state " theory have by no means given up their attempt to split up the motherland and their ambition to achieve the so - called " de jure " separation of taiwan from the motherland .
the so - called " white paper on constitutional policies " which was issued not long ago is , in fact , a " letter of declaration on taiwan independence . "
the chinese government 's adherence to the policy on " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " has remained unchanged , nor does president jiang zemin 's eight - point proposal for developing the cross - strait relations and promoting the progress of peaceful reunification of the motherland .
however , persisting in the one - china principle is the basis and prerequisite for this policy .
we hope to have peaceful reunification . we are also deeply aware of the taiwan compatriots ' yearning desire for peace . we do not hope to see a war and also believe that the taiwan compatriots are not willing to see a war , or a battle between the compatriots of the same flesh and blood , either .
we will have full determination , confidence , capability , and ways to safeguard the country 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and will never allow an inch of land to be separated from the territory of the motherland .
there is an old saying in china . good will be rewarded with good , and evil with evil . if the reward is not forthcoming , it is because the time has not yet come .
with the successive return of hong kong and macao to the motherland , the early settlement of the taiwan issue has been put high on the agenda .
china issued a white paper on the taiwan issue not long ago , comprehensively expounding its principled position regarding the taiwan issue .
therefore , the taiwan issue has become one of the hottest topics at the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] that was held on 5 march .
he particularly stressed : we will not sit idly by and watch any serious separatist activities that undermine china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , promote the " two - state theory , " or the " independence " of taiwan .
senior generals of the pla delegation to the npc have expressed their support for this statement .
lieutenant general jin renxie of the chengdu military region said : we have a very clear understanding of the government 's policy toward taiwan , that is , " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems . "
but if the taiwan independence elements want to act arbitrarily and insist on independence , then we have to resort to the use of force .
rear admiral jin mao , deputy director of the armament and repairs department of the navy and major general zheng hongtao , commander of certain base under the general armament department , said : the taiwan issue cannot be postponed indefinitely .
lieutenant general ge zhenfeng , chief of staff of the shenyang military region said : the indefinite postponement of the taiwan issue means the provocation of a war .
long - term postponement means separation . it goes without saying that we should adopt measures .
lieutenant general jin renxie said : as military personnel , we are most concerned about two things : first , economic development and social stability of our country . second , the taiwan issue .
safeguarding the motherland 's sovereignty and realization of the motherland 's reunification is an unshakable responsibility of military personnel .
we must , first of all , try every possible way to resolve the taiwan issue in a peaceful way . but if we cannot resolve the taiwan issue in a peaceful way , and the issue of the reunification of the motherland is postponed indefinitely , we must adopt resolute measures .
making military preparations to go to the front lieutenant general li fengzhou , vice minister of the commission of science , technology and industry for national defense , said : it is a duty for military personnel to safeguard the unification and territorial integrity of the motherland .
we are capable and resolute to safeguard the reunification and territorial integrity of the country .
li fengzhou said : indefinite postponement , in essence , means to substitute independence with postponement , for the final attainment of independence .
chinese people , including taiwan compatriots , will not allow indefinite postponement .
as a military person , i wish the motherland would reunify at the earliest possible date .
particularly , i wish to see the realization of reunification before i retire from the army . li fengzhou emotionally said : the moment the motherland needs me , i hope i can go to the front in my combat uniform .
lieutenant general ge zhenfeng said succinctly : " we can say for sure that we are definitely making preparations .
as zhu rongji said in his report , the chinese people are determined and absolutely able to settle the taiwan question at an early date and realize the great cause of reunification of the motherland .
once there are people trying to separate taiwan from mainland china , the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] is ready to adopt any measures , dauntlessly remove all interventions and sabotage activities , and safeguard state sovereignty and land integrity in a resolute manner .
vice admiral xu zhenzhong , former deputy commander of the pla navy , held : the principle of striving for peaceful reunification but not renouncing the use of force will not be changed .
major general li tongmao , from the second artillery corps , said : if pro - " taiwan independence " elements announce " taiwan independence , " it means a brazen provocation to the chinese government and is tantamount to declaring war .
major general fan changlong , commander of the 16 th group army , held : taiwan is going to hold the election for new leadership , and the chinese army is closely watching the election .
lieutenant general jin renxie held : we will watch the policy of the new leader of the taiwan authorities on whether it will shift back to the principle of " one china , " or pursue " two chinas . "
if the new leader declares taiwan independence , our government 's stance has been very clear and we will adopt resolute measures , including the use of force .
we are fully confident to resolve the taiwan issue .
when he was asked of his opinions on premier zhu rongji 's government work report section on the taiwan issue , lieutenant general jin renxie held : the report by premier zhu comprehensively expounds the chinese government 's policy toward taiwan , and we agree with it .
xiong ziren added , hong kong and macao have both returned to the motherland . taiwan is part of the motherland 's sacred land , and we should make it return to the embrace of the motherland as soon as possible .
if taiwan 's lee teng - hui and a handful of people in taiwan still want to pursue the " two - state theory " and " taiwan independence , " the chinese government will not sit watching , and the chinese people and the pla will never approve it .
if the pro - " taiwan independence " force is dead set on having its own way , we also have countermeasures to make taiwan return to the embrace of the motherland at an earlier date .
rear admiral zhao guojun , deputy commander of the nanjing military region and commander of the east china sea fleet , held : the outside world 's estimation that china is unable to realize the reunification of the motherland is not correct .
we wish for peaceful reunification , but we also have the full capability to safeguard the motherland 's sovereignty and land integrity .
lieutenant general li fengzhou , vice chairman of the science and technology commission under the general armament department , held that the people across the strait would not allow the taiwan issue to procrastinate indefinitely .
indefinite procrastination , in essence , is " another form of independence . "
lieutenant general zhu yongqing , political commissar of the air force of the chengdu military region , held : the reunification of the motherland will be realized .
we insist on the principle of " peaceful reunification , and one country , two systems . " however , if the three situations mentioned in the white paper happen , the people 's army will resolutely adopt any measures possible .
lieutenant general ge zhenfeng , chief of staff of the shenyang military region , held : the white paper has expounded very clearly on the resolution of the taiwan issue , and has made it public to the world , and it is for sure that we will suit our action to the words .
rear admiral jin mao , director of the armament department of the pla navy , said : the answer to the question of whether the pla has the ability to resolve the taiwan issue will be very clear if we review the history of the pla .
it is not so hard to fix a target for the development of the national economy .
it is necessary to increase the output of readily marketable products and to reduce or stop the production of unmarketable products in line with market demands .
the provinces and municipalities where production and sales are not enlivened should study ways to stimulate domestic demand and expand consumption . first of all , we should enable the peasants and backward areas to rest and build up strength and increase revenues .
the central government has fighting targets in its mind . not including the fighting targets in the government work report is an indicator for respecting the economic law and handling affairs according to the economic law .
premier zhu pointed out that " realizing the goal of getting state - owned enterprises out of difficulties through reform in three years is the most important task of the government . "
enterprises should intensify the reform of labor , personnel , and distribution systems ; set up encouragement and restraint mechanisms ; carry out the debt - to - equity transformation program ; raise the proportion of raising funds by enterprises themselves ; and experiment with the annual salary and stock options systems among enterprise managers .
strictly ruling the government and strengthening the anticorruption struggle are one of the key points in the government work report .
we believe that the central authorities will thoroughly investigate unlawful and undisciplined cases , cases of embezzling state - owned assets , and cases of corruption ; and will neither give personal consideration nor be softhearted in handling these cases .
premier zhu 's exposition on " promoting the great cause of peaceful reunification of the motherland " has aroused worldwide attention .
this indicates that the chinese leading echelon and the chinese people will never barter away principles in order to safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity and that they will neither have any illusions about the separatist forces with lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] as representative nor tolerate them .
provided that " taiwan independence " succeeds , not only the great cause of national reunification will be sabotaged , but china 's four modernizations drive will also be hindered .
meanwhile , the people 's liberation army leaders made known their positions one after another , notifying that they are prepared against " three kinds of circumstances " at all times . obviously , it was a serious warning to the separatist forces and foreign forces ' interference .
the npc session transmits the chinese people 's strongest desire for settling the taiwan issue at an early date .
wu houfou seriously violated relevant stipulations , as well as falsified facts , during the housing purchases for himself and cadres , workers , and staff members of the newspaper office . he was given serious inter - party warning as punishment , and removed from the post of dalian ribao editor - in - chief .
in july , zhao wei arrived in the hong district local taxation bureau to withdraw checks worth 180,000 yuan and 150,000 yuan each , which were secretly divided between him and wang - - 150,000 yuan to zhao wei and 180,000 to wang yushan - - before the money could be entered into the unit 's account book .
zhao wei did not use his 150,000 yuan to purchase a house . instead , he asked people to cash the check for 100,000 yuan , and issued another check for 40,000 yuan to be deposited into his wall card , and another one for 10,000 yuan to be used for his children 's school fees .
when sorting out the housing problem , liaoning province stressed that we should establish and implement the work responsibility system for sorting out the housing problem , and that we should not only investigate individuals who violate rules and discipline , but also implement the system of affixing responsibilities on their immediate leaders .
at the opening ceremony of the third session of the ninth npc committee , premier zhu rongji delivered to the meeting his second government work report since he assumed office as premier .
with a realistic approach which aims at attaining tangible results , a content which lacks no novelty , and a wide vision which covers not only this year but also the new century , this report won warm applause as many as six times from the npc delegates and cppcc members attending the meeting .
this is the first time in 10 years that the mainland side has ever criticized lee teng - hui by name in the form of a government work report and has equated the " two - state theory " with " taiwan independence . "
the report pointed out : " the chinese people have the determination and the absolute ability to settle the taiwan issue at an early date and to complete the great reunification cause of the motherland . "
although some issues are not elaborated in separate sections in the government work report , they are each given several paragraphs of concentrated and accented expositions in the report ; and this serves to show the intensity of the government 's work on these issues in the coming period .
the large - scale development of china 's western region is a hot topic at the two sessions this year , and the issue is discussed under the section " vigorously pushing forward the strategic readjustment of the economic structure . "
in the subsequent paragraph , he talked about the need for bringing about a well - coordinated growth between china 's eastern region and its central and western regions , with a view to helping certain localities remove their misunderstanding that this policy treats different regions with partiality .
comprehensively strengthening management though also touched upon in all previous government work reports , the issue of strengthening management has been discussed with the greatest emphasis in this year 's government work report .
throughout the report , the concept of the " new century " has appeared in four places .
since internet is a value - added business to the telecommunication sector , all commercial networks should acquire the approval by the ministry of information industry in order to be listed on the market .
recently there was a rumor spreading on market that the ministry of information industry asked china united telecommunications corporation to suspend the cooperative development of the cdma service with qualcomm incorporated . on this question , wu jichuan said that " there is no such a kind of rumor . "
wang guixiu held that under the cpc 's centralized leadership structure , the concepts that " the party is above the npc " and that " the party is above the law " are deep - seated in china .
beijing , 6 march ( xinhua ) - - zeng peiyan , minister of the state development planning commission , delivered a report at the third session of the ninth national people 's congress today on this year 's regulation and control targets and main tasks of economic and social development .
the most important starting point of this year 's economic work is to maintain a relatively rapid growth of the national economy .
this is of crucial importance in resolving pronounced contradictions arising in china 's economic life , maintaining social stability , and boosting confidence at home and abroad in our country 's economic development .
naturally , what we are seeking must be a growth rate based on ready markets and sound efficiency and void of exaggeration .
what is difficult in achieving the expected economic growth target for 2000 is to strive for a relatively rapid growth in investment .
vigorously promoting the strategic restructuring of agriculture and the rural economy and improving the overall quality and performance of the rural economy .
continued efforts will be made to strengthen the construction of agricultural infrastructure with the stress on water conservancy .
the activities to manufacture and sell fake and shoddy commodities will be cracked down on severely .
efforts will be made to continue to implement a proactive fiscal policy and issue long - term treasury bonds worth 100 billion yuan so as to expand investment needs , and give effective greater financial support to economic development .
carrying out a strategy of large - scale development of the western region to promote coordinated growth of regional economies . 7 .
continuing to raise the level of opening up and making still better use of both domestic and international markets and resources .
the combination of industrial pollution prevention and control and industrial restructuring will be upheld . 9 .
and stepping up efforts to invigorate the nation through science and technology as well as education and comprehensively developing all social undertakings .
reform of the management structure of scientific research institutions throughout the country will be completed basically this year .
zeng peiyan , minister of the state development planning commission , stressed today at the third session of the ninth npc national committee : substantive steps should be taken this year in implementing the strategy of a large - scale development of china 's western region .
we should speed up the building of basic facilities in such fields as water conservancy , communication and transportation , telecommunications , and radio and television ; and strive to transform the resource advantage of the western region into an economic advantage .
we should persistently place a rational exploration and an effective utilization of water resources on a prominent position , and give priority to the development of water - economizing projects .
he indicated : strengthening the ecological building and the environmental protection is a major content of the large - scale development of china 's western region .
this year , the total acreage of returned grain plot in pilot areas is expected to stand at about 5 million mu , and the total acreage of land returned to forestry should exceed 10 million mu [ as published ] .
we should adapt ourselves to the present world situation featured by a rapid development of science and technology ; and earnestly rely on scientific and technological progresses for the exploration of resources , for the upgrading of industries , and for the improvement of the environment .
zeng peiyan said : the state will make a greater input in the country 's central and western regions , and will increase the intensity of financial transfers and payments .
the practices of national - debt investment , " turning debts into equity , " and putting aside a reserve fund for offsetting bad debts , as well as the use of loans provided by foreign governments and foreign financial institutions should all favor the development of the country 's central and western regions .
the people throughout the country should enthusiastically support the large - scale development of the western region ; and entrepreneurs , scientific and technological personnel , and college and university graduates should be encouraged to render meritorious services in the western region .
we should not blindly expand productive capacity that finds no market , still less should we carry out construction of low - level duplicated projects .
zeng peiyan expounded on the measures for expanding effective demand to be adopted in four fields : - - vigorously open up the urban and rural markets and vigorously expand consumption and demand .
- - vigorously advance reform of investment and money - lending systems and strive to formulate system and create conditions for increasing effective demand .
the government will only examine whether the investments made by enterprises are in line with the state development plan , macroeconomic policy , laws and regulations , and will not directly intervene in the investment and money - lending activities of enterprises .
second , the money - lending channels for enterprises should be developed and enterprises ' strength to expand investment should be intensified .
in reforming the pricing system for electricity , we should form a mechanism and adjust the structure of the prices of electricity .
strenuous efforts should be made to consolidate the order of prices .
beijing , 6 feb ( xinhua ) - - addressing the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] today , chinese finance ministry xiang huaicheng said : the central budget for 2000 has focused on the following five aspects : first , we will continually strengthen infrastructure development .
investment in capital construction from the central budget will total 89.3 billion yuan ( including subsidies for local authorities ) .
we will continue to properly facilitate technological upgrading in key trades and industries , key enterprises , key products , and key technologies . funds and subsidies on interest payment from the central budget for technological upgrading of enterprises will be 16.5 billion yuan ( including subsidies for local authorities ) .
third , we will invest more in enhance social security and fully implement the policy to readjust income distribution introduced in 1999 .
fourth , we will strive to increase investments in education , science , technology , and agriculture and ensure that the rate of increase is higher than that of the regular revenue .
xiang huaicheng said : total revenue in the central budget for 2000 is 690.4 billion yuan , 50.8 billion yuan more than the actual figure of the previous year , or an increase of 7.9 percent .
total expenditures in the central budget are 920.3 billion yuan ( including interest on debts ) , 101 billion yuan more than the actual figure for 1999 , or an increase of 12.3 percent .
such an arrangement does not involve an issuance of additional treasury bonds . on the contrary , it is beneficial for china to reflect the overall expenditures of its central budget and to monitor and control its debts .
according to the method of calculation used last year , the deficit in the central budget would be 155 billion yuan , 24.7 billion yuan less than the 1999 figure .
xiang huaicheng said : total revenue in the local budgets for 2000 amounts to 1.0434 trillion yuan , an increase of 7.8 percent over the actual 1999 figure .
total expenditures in the local budgets amount to 1.0434 trillion yuan , an increase of 8.3 percent over the actual figure for 1999 .
xiang huaicheng specifically explained : china has formulated the central budget for 2000 two months earlier than previous years . in the future , we will gradually schedule the formulation even earlier .
speaking on the central and local draft budgets for 2000 at today 's third session of the ninth national people 's congress , finance minister xiang huaicheng said that there will not be major risks associated with the implementation of the proactive fiscal policy because the state has the necessary conditions .
compared with international practice , there is still considerable room for china to issue treasury bonds .
despite an increase in both the fiscal deficit and the size of debts , the implementation of the proactive policy has safeguarded social stability , maintained sustained rapid and healthy national economic growth , and raised the living standard .
in addition , during the actual operation , we must require meticulous design , scientific construction , and strict supervision to ensure project quality .
strengthening tax collection and management to ensure sustained and steady increase in revenue .
effective this year , the locally formulated policy of refunding collected tax payment shall , without exception , cease to be enforced .
tightening budgetary management and steadily promoting the reform of the budget system .
he said : the main content of the on - going reform of the budget system is to further divide the budgetary categories and compiling departmental budgets .
efforts should be made to comprehensively review the budgetary unit 's revenue and expenditure to lay a good foundation for reforming the budget compiling process .
steps should be taken gradually to expand the scope of government procurement to include all office stationery , equipment , facilities , and related services .
in addition , efforts should be made to study the implementation of a centralized treasury disbursement system as a fundamental measure for strengthening management , combating corruption , and promoting clean government . 4 .
intensifying efforts to readjust the pattern of expenditures to put more emphasis on key items and ensure that major principles and policies of the party and the government are implemented .
third , we should gradually reduce our direct investment in competitive areas to create a good environment for fair competition among enterprises .
xiang huaicheng said : the main emphasis of social security work at present is to ensure that the basic cost of living allowances for laid - off workers of state - owned enterprises , pensions for retired personnel of enterprises , and subsistence allowances for urban residents are handed out on time and in full . 6 .
at present , we have completed the legislative procedures for reforming the transportation and vehicle tax and fees , and preparations for implementing regulations on fuel and vehicle procurement tax are basically completed .
rural tax and fee reform is another major reform measure adopted in the wake of the land reform and the implementation of the household - based contract responsibility system in new china over the last 50 years . the party central committee has established the ideological guidelines , basic principles , and important policy measures for this reform .
other provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities directly under the central government may also select a small number of counties and cities for this reform on a trial basis . 7 .
strengthening financial supervision and management and rectifying financial and economic order .
fifth , we should further improve financial laws , step up financial law enforcement efforts , improve the administrative appeal system in financial departments , establishment and implement a system of responsibility in financial law enforcement and a system of performance evaluation , and vigorously promote the use of funds in accordance with the law . 8 .
adhering to the principle of hard work , plain living , and building the country through diligence and thrift , and fostering awareness of practicing frugality and utilizing funds in an economic manner .
the masses are very unhappy about this .
we must carry forward this principle and persist in it indefinitely from the high plane of strengthening political awareness .
we should establish the necessary system and mechanism in financial work to ensure that this principle is implemented . we should do so by reforming our budgetary management system and improving the financial supervision system .
in a way , this regulation contradicts another document previously issued by the ministry of information industry and other departments requiring foreign firms to hand over their encrypted communications keys ( codes ) to the public security department for national security reasons .
impractical and difficult to implement china 's compulsory requirement for foreign firms to hand over their encrypted keys for internet security reasons has aroused strong resentment .
many foreign firms are using internet encryption technology in their communications . this method of communications can be done through a multitude of channels and is full of variations . with china 's existing technology , it is very difficult to conduct a full investigation unless it is locked on a particular target .
sources said that china 's internet security technology is at least five years behind taiwan , and 90 percent of its websites are not safe .
beijing , 6 mar ( xinhua ) - - to echo the coastal open belt in east china , which abruptly rose in 20 years or so , china is now devoted to building the second " golden belt " of opening up to the outside world in the vast western region .
specialists predicted that the construction of the new " golden belt " will not only be conducive to optimizing the overall economic structure of china , but this new belt will also be able to spread its influence over the central part of eurasia and further help enhance china 's international competitiveness .
the reporters were informed by the deputies from the western areas that the provinces , municipality , and autonomous regions in west china have successively worked out a package of new policies on opening themselves up wider to the outside world , assimilating foreign investment , and attracting various kinds of high - technology talents .
chairman abulahat abdurixit of the xinjiang uygur autonomous regional government , who was in beijing to attend the npc session , said to reporters today that " our goal is to build xinjiang into an internationally commercial and trade center in west china , as well as a " bridgehead " of opening up to the outside world . "
the tibet autonomous region , as the " roof of the world , " also decided to open itself to all investors with a new appearance . it also made public its decision on opening nearly 10 key sectors to the outside world , such as infrastructure construction , agriculture , animal husbandry , and tourism .
legqog , chairman of the tibet autonomous regional people 's government , said that " in addition to striving for obtaining the state policy and monetary assistance , we should assimilate investment through various channels according to the law governing the market economy . "
in the next 15 years , the ministry of railways will invest a record high amount of 100 billion yuan in the construction of railways in the western areas , including the construction of two big international thoroughfares - - railway lines linking china with kyrgyzstan and uzbekistan and the pan - asian railway lines .
specialists maintained that although the west lags behind the east in many aspects , such as technology , talents , and infrastructure facilities ; the western areas , bounded by 10 - odd countries , have favorable conditions for comprehensively opening themselves to the outside world .
party and state leaders jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , hu jintao , wei jianxing , and li lanqing attended the meeting .
as entrusted by the state council , zeng peiyan , director of the state development and planning commission , delivered a report on the execution of the national economic and social development plan for 1999 and the draft national economic and social development plan for 2000 .
he said that on the basis of steady growth in the national economy , the execution of the 1999 central and local budgets was relatively good .
revenue and expenditure were counterbalanced , with expenditure exceeding revenue by 175.9 billion yuan .
the new millennium has arrived and all trades and professions are flourishing .
while continuing to cut down on cotton spinning and personnel , the textile industry , which is listed as a potential area of breakthrough in reforming soe 's and extricating them from their predicament , intensified efforts to make readjustment to bring about distinct improvements in its economic returns .
the petroleum and chemical industries realized a profit of 23.52 billion yuan , an increase of 5.99 times over the same period of the previous year , and were expected to realize an annual profit of up to 30 billion yuan , an increase of almost three times over the previous year .
the metallurgical , power , tobacco , and gold industries continued to enjoy fairly good profits .
most industries could achieve or surpass their annual profit targets .
most localities saw distinct improvements in their economic results .
key state enterprises ' economic returns rose quite rapidly .
by implementing those projects , we should be able to reduce the number of losing large and medium - sized enterprises by more than 860 .
so far we have made arrangements for 647 such projects in three batches that involve a total investment of 171.8 billion yuan , including 12.76 billion yuan out of the proceeds from the issuance of treasury bonds ( 6.98 billion yuan was arranged during 1999 ) .
after these three batches of projects are put into production , the major industries will achieve or basically achieve the projected symbolic targets .
as the supply of some products in a number of industries has substantially outstripped demand at the moment , it has become inevitable to control the production and processing volume of some major products .
in the first 11 months , the coal industry produced 10.3 percent less raw coal than in the same period of the previous year and its annual output could be kept within 1.03 billion metric tons .
in the first 11 months , the tobacco industry produced 30.7259 million boxes of cigarettes , down 0.68 percent from the same period of 1998 .
the projected targets for controlling the aggregate supply of cement and glass also could be achieved .
the coal industry should further consolidate and enlarge the achievements in closing pits and cutting down on production to control raw coal output and check the trends of continuous fall in prices and continuous increase in delinquent payments for goods .
we will comprehensively accomplish the task of shutting down small coal mines and , by shutting down and stopping the production of a number of small steelworks , weed out 10 million metric tons in backward steel rolling capacity .
sheng huaren said : to fit in with the needs of tackling difficult problems in reform , this year efforts would be intensified to execute bankruptcies and closures .
the reserve funds for writing off banks ' bad debts after verification would be used mainly on the bankruptcies of large and medium - sized soe 's and closures of mines exhausted of resources .
market exploitation , particularly the vigorous opening up of rural markets , is listed by the setc as an important task for this year .
we should make full use of export credit , export insurance , foreign trade development funds , and other means to advance the diversification of the export market .
at the same time , we should take practical , forceful measures to expand the export of coal , metallurgical , and refined oil products .
pay close attention to studying impact of wto accession as china and the united states have reached an agreement on china 's accession to the wto , the day is not too distant when china accedes to the wto .
information industry 's 2 major technical take - offs minister wu jichuan pointed out : computer and communication technologies , as two major technologies of the information industry , have been developing by leaps and bounds in the 20 th century .
at the same time , the telecommunication networks evolved from human , analog , and single processing services to automatic , digital , and diversified processing ones .
in the meantime , mobile telephone , digital communications , and some new businesses developed more rapidly .
of this total business volume , the value by china telecommunications corporation came to 134.63 billion yuan , up 16.6 percent ; that by china mobile telecommunications corporation was 125.74 billion yuan , up 69.5 percent ; and that by china united telecommunications corporation reached 22.06 billion yuan .
in this period , the telecommunications sector created 220.08 billion yuan in revenues , an increase of 21.3 percent .
of the total revenues , china telecommunications corporation created 143.9 billion yuan , an increase of 14 percent ; china mobile telecommunications corporation , 62.74 billion yuan , an increase of 26.9 percent ; and china united telecommunications corporation , 13.09 billion yuan , an increase of 215 percent .
he added that this corporation has had great success and has been concerned and commended by all foreign investors since it completed its realignment and registered itself with the hong kong authorities in september 1997 .
in the latter half of 1999 , this corporation successfully raised $ 2.6 billion by issuing new shares to the people and fixing prices for dollar bonds .
it was the largest occasion in hong kong where enterprises issued securities for the second time through markets and in a bookkeeping form .
so , both developed and developing countries should consider forcefully developing information technologies and speeding up the pace of informationization as a cross - century strategic task . the world 's competition for information technologies and information industrial development is getting more and more intense .
wu jichuan predicted that china 's telecommunications market will have the following development trends in the next 10 years : there will be great potential for developing fixed telephone services , with the number of main - line telephone subscribers to be expanded more than two times and to reach 200 million to 300 million .
relevant specialists predicted that the value of such products will reach 6 trillion yuan by 2010 .
while building perfect basic transmission networks and economic and applicable broadband access networks , we should appropriately set up special networks and local area networks based on the basic transmission networks and broadband access networks to be developed , in an effort to make the distribution of modernized networks suitable to the requirements of informationization .
fourth , the development and utilization of information resources is the key to developing the information industry .
a series of supporting policies and measures should be worked out to encourage all sectors and all levels to forcefully develop various kinds of information resources and to extensively use all kinds of information services .
at the same time , we should strive to strengthen market standardization , technical norms , credit security , and the supervision over law enforcement ; ensure that such resources can be shared by all ; and make information resources better serve the economic construction and social development .
fifth , information technologies should further be popularized among and applied by all trades and professions .
china 's economy , technology and development are in a very crucial historical period .
first , with the gradual formation of the integrated pattern of the world 's economy , economic competition among countries has become more and acute .
third , deng xiaoping 's conclusion that " science and technology are the primary productive force " has been understood by more and more people .
speaking about the current situation of the development of high technology in china , zhu lilan pointed out that at present , the gap between china and the developed countries in high technology research and development and the industrialization of high technology still remains and this is determined by the difference in the level of economic development .
besides , viewed from the dynamic and historical angle , our growth momentum is also very great although our actual strength and scale are still quite small at present .
the existing 53 new and high - tech development zones are the main forces of china 's information industry .
the total amount is not big when compared with the developed countries , but its annual growth rate is 70 to 80 percent .
in the process of promoting technological renovation , developing high technology , and realizing the industrialization of high technology , science and technology management departments undoubtedly have undertaken unshirkable important historical responsibility .
regarding this , minister zhu has deliberated the key points of the work in the next step of the ministry of science and technology : first , it is to shift the center of work to the orbit of developing the social productive forces .
only in this way will they be able to comprehensively understand and grasp the connotation of science and technology work , and to better guide and promote the healthy development of science and technology work .
second , it is necessary to shift the focus of work to creating a policy environment .
this does not mean to reduce the role of science and technology management departments at all , but is to establish functional departments that react rapidly , operate efficiently , and regulate and control effectively .
third , it is necessary to have a comprehensive view of the overall situation , give prominence to key points , and bring about leaps and bounds in science and technology development .
it is necessary to resolutely smash the structural fetters resulted from barriers between departments and regions , and solve the longstanding problems of scattered strength , waste caused by duplication , and poor efficiency .
to strengthen technological renovation , it is necessary to resolutely get rid of traditional demarcation lines between departments , regions and branches of sciences that have been formed under the planned economy structure . it is necessary to systematically promote work in various aspects through widening our visions and in the spirit of good cooperation .
besides , the ministry of science and technology will pay greater attention to giving play to the role of local governments and science and technology departments , encouraging them not to stick to conventions , but to boldly carry out experiments and explore modes and roads of development that are suitable for their respective conditions .
in particular , after changing the structure of science and technology institutions and the localization of management , various localities have greater space for the allocation of science and technology resources , and they have better conditions for playing a positive role in technological renovation .
for example , the level of china 's computer integrated manufacturing systems (cims) in 1980 could not be compared with that of other countries at all . at that time , no one was willing to cooperate with us even if we wanted to .
today , over 200 enterprises are carrying out cims demonstration projects and have obtained very good results . the beijing no. 1 machine tool plant has even been awarded a leading industrial prize by the united states .
be brave to blaze new trails , usher in situation of opening up wider to outside world minister zhu specially mentioned the renovation system of the country and emphasized that it is not a simple project .
she pointed out that being the government , it should create an environment for all sectors to display their creativeness and enthusiasm .
enterprises must become the main body in technological renovation before they are able to participate in the international competition today .
" in the 1950 's , it took 50 years to double the total volume of human knowledge , but by 2020 , it will take only 73 days to do so .
of course , the so - called " knowledge " is not general knowledge , but knowledge that can be used for renovation .
the world 's competition does not believe in tears .
she said that once the sense of renovation is changed into concrete actions , very big changes will take place .
for example , in a remote place in yunnan where the ecological environment was quite poor , a system for upgrading agriculture has been jointly promoted by the government , technological personnel and local peasants and fundamental changes have taken place in the entire ways of production .
while discussing the " report on the work of the government , " the hainan delegation attending the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] completely echoed a call in the report to forcefully carry out strategic adjustment of the economic structure .
the deputies said , having suffered from being eager for quick success and instant benefits , they have begun to realize the good of being down - to - earth .
in 1999 , hainan achieved marked results in adjusting its industrial structure - - historical breakthroughs were made in developing its tropical high - efficiency agriculture and island tourism industry , which are the two pillars and key industries of hainan .
the province 's agricultural added value was 18.153 billion yuan , up 11 percent , and the agriculture 's contribution to the province 's economic growth was 47 percent . the province played host to 9.29 million tourists in 1999 , with a total revenue of 72.5 billion yuan , of which both were all - time highs .
deputy wang xiaofeng , governor of hainan , said : in carrying out industrial structural adjustment , we must seek truth from facts and have a long - term plan .
a few years ago , when hainan was established as a province and a special economic zone , attracting many people from other provinces and abroad to hainan to seek development opportunity , the province bore the notion that it might get rich overnight .
the " bubble economy , " which was mainly demonstrated by a trade and real estate fever , caused serious damages to hainan 's economic development , pushing the economy to a low ebb at one point .
the practical industrial structural adjustment has laid a sound industrial foundation for hainan , enabling the province 's economy to develop rapidly and the economic results to improve ; as a result , the quality of its economic growth has improved notably .
sichuan 's failure to keep up will affect the overall situation of western region development and hold back national development .
deputy liu yingming pointed out : we should give priority to educational development during the information era because education determines a nation 's rise and fall .
to develop the western region , we should first focus on training professional people , and create a fine environment for innovative people to grow .
after listening to the speeches of eight deputies , li lanqing asked relevant state council departments to earnestly study the deputies ' opinions and suggestions , and expressed his opinions on issues concerning the implementation of the strategies for the development of the western region and for developing the country through scientific education .
chi haotian said : we should vigorously train and cultivate new types of military personnel with high quality , conduct deep - going training in science and technology , and strive to improve our ability in directing military affairs and mastering a modern war .
we should further carry out reform and improve the mobilization system for national defense and actively take part in and support the massive development project in the western region .
taiwan is an inalienable part of china 's sacred territory . the chinese people will never allow the split of an inch of land from the motherland 's territory .
last year , li denghui [ li teng - hui ] openly dished out the " two states theory , " took an extremely dangerous step on the road to split the motherland , and seriously undermined the cross - strait relations .
the chinese government and people have always kept a high degree of vigilance toward splitting activities by taiwan 's separatist forces and have waged resolute struggles . this has shown the strong determination of the chinese people to oppose a split and protect unification .
we must tell taiwan 's separatists in all seriousness that those who stir up a fire will burn themselves , and choosing " taiwan independence " means choosing war .
the deputies spoke in enthusiastic fashion , and at times interposed in the discussion on the issues raised .
wu jihai , a deputy from a minority - nationality area , spoke first . he proposed that the state should support the development of minority - nationality areas and intensify the work of tackling tough problems in poverty relief .
the minority - nationality areas should display the spirit of relying on their own efforts and going all - out to make the country strong , and adopt measures such as restructuring , returning farmland to forest , and developing medium - sized and small enterprises , in order to change their backward state .
deputy zheng maoqing said in his speech that the reforms of state enterprises have achieved great progress in eliminating losses and increasing profits , restructuring industry and products , and establishing a modern enterprise system .
in view of the flood - fighting situation in the dongting lake region last year , deputy cai lifeng from yiyang in hunan proposed a series of measures for self - salvation through production in the disaster areas .
deputies duan youlin and li youmei also gave their views on a number of problems in grassroots rural work .
as a major agricultural province , hunan particularly needs to further consolidate and strengthen agriculture and speed up agricultural restructuring .
guided by the market , it is necessary to respect the peasants ' wishes , and adopt effective measures in production and circulation to guide the peasants to reduce production of varieties that do not sell well and expand output of agricultural produce of high quality and high returns .
zhu rongji emphasized that it is essential ; to do everything possible to increase peasant incomes .
all localities must strictly carry out the state 's policy measures on lightening the peasants ' burdens and take proper stock of all types of irrational charges levied in the rural areas such as for education , the peasants ' house building , and the use of electricity .
further stabilizing and strengthening agriculture as the foundation of the country and promoting the strategic adjustment of agricultural structure are key points of deliberation by members of the heilongjiang delegation today .
deputy wang guoxue suggested that we should further protect the farmers ' enthusiasm in production and increase warehouse and storage facilities in principal grain producing areas .
deputy yang xin suggested that we should actively guide the rational flow of surplus labor force in rural areas and make greater efforts to implement the policy of procuring grains at protective prices .
deputy wu nanjun , who is from the grassroots level , made the following suggestion on behalf of the vast peasant friends : the government should strengthen services for farmers , promote the development of rural economy , and quicken the pace of enabling farmers to increase their income .
we should stress party spirit and principle , and always put strictly observing political discipline in the first place .
we should establish an ideological and moral defensive line in addition to a line of defense with party discipline and state law , but the key lies in strictly keeping to the ideological and moral defense line against corruption and placing this line in the front .
in light of the developing situation , we should promptly set new norms for our behaviors , remind party members in advance , and integrate the cadres ' official work and code of ethics with the norm for a socialist market economy .
while laying stress on strengthening self - discipline of leading cadres at county ( department ) or above levels , we should also set strict disciplinary demand on leading members of state - owned enterprises and leading cadres at township and town level and strengthen supervision and administration of those personnel .
while strengthening and improving the work of handling the people 's letters and visits , we should take the initiative to supervise and check the situation . the party organization 's supervision should be closely linked with leading cadres ' performance of official duties and other activities .
we should continue to promote openness in government administration and in factory and village affairs . the important thing is to overcome the situation of over - concentration of power by leading members of some organizations and their lacking supervision and engaging in covert activities .
we should strengthen the practice of mutual supervision among members of a leading group .
we should attach importance to the role of news and public opinion in supervision .
the present supervision system and mechanism should be further improved and strengthened .
however , we must not simply copy the democratic mode of the western bourgeoisie .
wei jianxing pointed out : we should supervise matters before problems occur . at present , we mostly supervise matters after problems happen . this is necessary .
however , there are many problems that are hard to investigate if we do not supervise them at the beginning .
those problems will likely happen again . from now on , we should supervise matters early .
to strengthen supervision , we must proceed from studying the system , mechanism and administration of units to be supervised , get at the root of problems , and prevent and bring corrupt cases under control at the beginning .
wei jianxing stressed : to implement the policy of tightening party discipline , the key lies in being strict in discipline .
by exercising discipline in a strict manner , we can curb the spread of corrupt tendencies at the beginning .
toward those corrupt and degrading cadres who dare to disregard party discipline and state law , we must punish them in a severe manner .
not forcefully punishing those cadres will only generate negative results .
toward those who hide the truth and not report corrupt cases , delay the handling of those cases or set up obstacles to obstruct investigation and handling of those cases , discipline inspection and supervision organizations must seriously deal with them .
exercising discipline in a strict manner is not practicing punitiveness or punishing without prior warning .
we always advocate a prudent attitude in dealing with people and we will pay attention to dealing with each case on its merits according to policies and law .
the tianjin delegation held a plenary meeting this afternoon at the tianjin room in the great hall of the people .
while discussing the government work report , tianjin 's deputies vied with one another in expressing their ideas in line with tianjin 's actual circumstances .
deputy lu jinfa said : at the turn of the century , the situation spurs us on . the key to fulfilling the fighting goals defined in the government work report lies in drawing - up of measures and firm implementation of these measures .
deputy pi qinsheng said : to keep abreast of the situation in entering the world trade organization , we should earnestly conduct research , accelerate the transformation of government functions , and do our work in an expeditious , painstaking , and practical fashion .
li ruihuan made a speech after listening to the deputies ' ideas .
he said : we must fully affirm the achievements ; otherwise , we cannot inspire the people 's morale and enhance their coherence . however , we must face up to the existing problems and difficulties ; otherwise , we cannot keep sober - minded and improve our work .
along with the deepening of reform and opening up and with the development of a market economy , they will face more and more problems , especially problems with the interests of the masses .
given such a circumstance , the mass work has become the key link in the effort to smoothly promote all social causes .
ours is a socialist country where the people are the masters . so the purpose of the party and the government is to wholeheartedly serve the people . everything we do is inseparable from the masses . it is either the mass work or the work for the masses .
therefore , being skilful in doing the mass work is the basic requirement and the essential technique of leading cadres .
it is the comprehensive test to the quality of a leader that whether he can mobilize the masses , enliven and activate the masses , scientifically organize the masses to engage in various causes , and eventually achieve the ideal results .
many things must be reformed . without reform , they cannot develop . however , there are many difficulties in reform .
cadres should straighten out their attitude and treat the people equally , sincerely , and reasonably . never should they look down the people from a height , nor should they be slipshod and unresponsive in work .
a person who is " a giant in words but a dwarf in deeds " cannot achieve good results in doing the mass work .
these are the remarks made by wang qiren , deputy to the national people 's congress [ npc ] and director of the liaison office of the central people 's government in the macao special administrative region [ sar ] , during an interview given to this reporter .
wang qiren , who previously attended the npc sessions on numerous occasions in the past , experienced a different feeling this year .
wang qiren pointed out that issues deliberated by the macao npc deputies will not constitute interference in the internal affairs of the macao sar .
on the situation following macao 's reversion , wang qiren stated that as a macao deputy , he profoundly witnessed how the central government resolutely implemented the policy of " one country , two systems " and followed the basic law in assisting the sar government in developing macao 's economy and maintaining macao 's social stability .
as an official in charge of the liaison office of the central people 's government in the macao sar , wang qiren added , " we will firmly implement the principle and policy of the central government on implementing ' one country , two systems ' in macao . "
the liaison office will resolutely support the macao sar government led by edmund ho hau wah in carrying out administration according to the basic law so as to bring about the further stability of macao . the liaison office will not meddle in the internal affairs of the macao sar . "
in the two months or so since the reversion of macao , wang qiren told this reporter , all localities in the interior have shown concern for macao . macao has also become the focus of world attention .
thanks to the concern and support of the macao compatriots , the macao sar government has done a great deal of work . the administrative departments have enormously increased their efficiency .
following the reversion of macao , wang emphatically pointed out , the original capitalist system and lifestyle remain unchanged . the political framework is operating as usual .
macao 's laws also remain unchanged .
the implementation of the " one country , two systems " policy in macao over the past few months has been good on the whole .
the taiwan authorities should judge the hour and size up the situation , relinquish the splittist plot as early as possible , and bring about cross - strait dialogue on an equal footing at an early date .
deputy zhang yongjun said : undoubtedly , the one - china principle is the basis and precondition for realizing the peaceful reunification of the motherland , because the sovereignty and territorial integrity of the motherland allow no provocation .
however , we do not want to see the separation of the motherland all the more . it is hoped that the taiwan authorities would rapidly see relinquish the splittist plot to avoid the consequences that people on both sides of the strait do not want to see .
zeng peiyan said preliminary work of the high - speed railroad has been carried out for several years and currently is still going on , and , because of the importance of it , a very cautious and positive attitude has been adopted .
during this year 's " two sessions , " experts in railroad construction have offered many suggestions on speeding up the construction of the beijing - shanghai high - speed railroad .
beijing , 6 mar (zxs) - - china 's economic situation this year is expected to be better than last year , with an annual economic growth rate higher than the expected goal . the current tendency toward deflation would hopefully have been alleviated by the end of this year .
in the draft plan for this year 's national economy and social development submitted by the commission , economic growth rate is set at about 7 percent .
while answering a question raised by a reporter , zeng peiyan said : since we already submitted the plan , we are very confident that this goal can be achieved . if the plan is carried out smoothly , the economy will grow at a rate higher than 7 percent .
zeng peiyan said : the prediction is mainly based on the following reasons : first , the overall international economic environment is getting better and better . last year , the domestic economy developed in a sustained , healthy , and rapid way and with a certain rate and good quality and efficiency .
second , this year 's draft plan and the government work report already have mentioned that investment in fixed assets will be increased to push forward economic development . if approved by the national people 's congress , this year 's government bonds would be released earlier than before , which in turn will help boost annual economic operation .
he said : to boost economic development , the state is studying relevant measures to further promote the whole society 's investment , including investment by non - governmental sectors and individuals .
while answering a question whether there is a deflation in china , zeng peiyan emphatically said : what china witnesses is a tendency toward deflation , not a situation of deflation .
moreover , such a tendency is mainly reflected from commodity price . although retail commodity sales have decreased for 22 months in a row , monetary supply has remained normal and economic growth also has maintained a fairly rapid speed .
economic operation in january this year shows that the price index in many provinces and cities have witnessed a positive growth .
in addition to the development of thermal power projects , we have made rapid headway in the construction of hydropower projects .
at present , efforts should be concentrated to ensure a good completion of the ongoing nuclear power projects as quickly as possible .
when speaking on the issue of whether it is necessary to build new nuclear power projects in the " 10 th five - year plan " period , zeng peiyan said that we should first consider expanding the capacity of the existing nuclear power stations when necessary .
zeng peiyan , minister of the state development planning commission , said today : we are very confident that this expected goal can be achieved . if the plan is carried out smoothly , the economy will grow at a rate higher than 7 percent .
zeng peiyan held a news conference this afternoon and answered reporters ' questions .
third , financial input will be further increased this year and the whole society 's investment in fixed assets is expected to increase by about 10 percent . moreover , efforts will be made to study some measures for stimulating social investment so as to spur economic growth .
while admitting that in the inland there was a tendency toward deflation , zeng peiyan did not think that the inland was facing a serious situation of deflation .
these weaknesses have affected the transparency and solemnity of the central budget , and to a certain extent have also weakened the roles of people 's congresses in deliberations and supervision .
however , from another perspective , the npc has shown its efficiency in playing the supervisory role while urging the mof to speed up the process of the reform of budgetary planning .
the budget will be drawn up and collected item - by - item and level - by - level , beginning with the grass - roots units ; compiled by competent government departments ; examined and approved by the mof ; submitted to the npc for deliberation ; and then implemented after it is ratified .
personnel concerned believe the reform will help improve the standard of budgetary management , prevent random budgetary allocation , improve the efficiency in financial resource distribution , and maximally enhance the benefits from utilizing financial funds . at the same time , it also will promote the construction of the financial legal system , and regulate government actions .
of course , this will also help people 's congress deputies to more effectively fulfill their supervisory functions and facilitate financial supervision by all circles .
when answering questions from journalists on the economic situation this year , zeng peiyan held : our economy maintained sustained , speedy , and healthy development last year , and the situation can be continued this year . the target to realize the seven - percent economic growth target is absolutely possible .
at present , the world 's economic situation is tending to be good , and our country 's investment , consumption , and import and export will all see improvement .
in the mean time , the state will also employ economic leverages such as price , tax rate , and interest rate to further expand domestic demand , so the national economy can continue to advance toward the good .
the issue of implementing the strategy of the grand development of the western region has aroused the concerns of people at home and abroad .
in the course of development , resources will be allocated in line with the market , and the mechanism of the market will be observed .
he added : this year , the grand development of the western region will achieve substantial progress . at present , a " 15 - year " plan and a plan for the grand development of the western region are under construction .
in the fixed assets investment , 70 percent of the proceeds from the treasury bond , government - appropriated funds , and preferential loans from foreign governments and international financial organs will be used in the middle and western regions . a batch of large - scale projects will be unfolded in the western region this year .
in the mean time , the early work for a batch of important projects such as " transferring gas from west to east , " " transferring electricity from west to east , " and building a rail line to tibet should be accelerated .
the 78 large - and medium - scale ongoing projects in the western region should be sped up with the kick - in of more than 30 billion yuan this year .
zeng peiyan also pointed out : the grand development of the western region is a long - lasting and arduous mission and a systems engineering project on a grand scale . it will take the efforts of several generations .
to bring forth the best talent , we should create necessary living and working conditions for them . in the course of the grand development of the western region , it is imperative to explore new thoughts and employ new methods .
when answering journalist 's question on deflation , zeng peiyan held : at present , our country is indeed witnessing a trend of deflation , but we are certainly not in a serious deflation situation .
although the consumer price and retail sales price index experienced negative growth 22 and 28 months in a row , respectively , the money supply and the loan scale of financial organs maintained normal growth rates , and the economic growth remained to be relatively speedy .
judging from the situation in january , the monthly link index rebounded , and the prices of some means of production saw some increases . twelve provinces , regions , and municipalities have reported growth in price index . the deflation trend is expected to be relieved this year and reversed at the end of this year .
in deepening reform , we are now faced with new situations , new contradictions , and new problems which we never encountered before ; particularly after our country accedes to the world trade organizations [ wto ] , we shall be facing rigorous challenges .
li tieying called for further emancipating the mind , seeking truth from facts , and daring to explore and practice .
it is necessary to further deepen the reform of the economic structure , with attention focused on removing the systemic obstacles to economic development .
reform measures should be conducive to bringing deflation under control , promoting the readjustment and upgrading of the industrial structure , increasing job opportunities , and adapting ourselves to the requirements of our country 's accession to the wto .
now the world economic structure is also being readjusted . advantageous industries in some developed countries are being relocated , and this offers an opportunity for us .
wu bangguo encouraged beijing municipality to make use of its advantages , such as many universities and scientific research institutes situated in the municipality , to continue its vigorous development of high - tech industries and to explore new mechanisms for applying new and high technologies in industrial production .
all officers and men , especially leading cadres at various levels , must have a very clear head , take a very firm and clear - cut stand , and act conscientiously on this point .
jiang chunyun said : in making the strategic readjustment of the economic structure , special attention should be paid to solving several problems : 1 .
we should gain an understanding of the market and adapt ourselves to it .
restructuring should be market - oriented ; we should first take market demand into consideration before making arrangements for production . 3 .
jiang chunyun said : besides , attention should be paid to combining the east with the west and making them complement each other .
all industries in various parts of the country should be concerned about and support the large - scale development of the western region and successfully carry out this campaign which is of decisive significance to realizing the rejuvenation of the chinese nation and to making the people prosperous and the country strong .
now we should making an extensive review of the " three stresses " education among the leading cadres and conduct education in " bearing in mind how one has become rich and forging ahead after getting better - off " among the cadres and masses .
we should continue to put aiding the poor through development in an important position in national economic and social development and do this work with perseverance .
wen jiabao said : this is the last year of the state plan for assisting 80 million people in having sufficient food and clothing within seven years .
party committees and governments at various levels , especially responsible officials in poverty - stricken areas , should have a sense of urgency and mission and , with an attitude of being highly responsible to the party and the people , focus their attention on the work of aiding the poor through development .
they should further carry out various policy measures for aiding the poor through development , continue to follow the principle of aiding the poor by carrying out developmental programs , and combine aiding the poor through development with the strategic readjustment of the agricultural and rural economic structures and with the large - development of the western region .
supervision over leading cadres , especially principal leading cadres , should be strengthened , and efforts should be made to establish and improve effective supervision and restraint mechanisms and to ensure through systems that governments at various levels will be diligent and highly efficient and that cadres will be clean and honest .
zeng qinghong said : besides , it is also necessary to strengthen the building of primary party organizations particularly in state - owned enterprises and rural areas , to do a good job in the education and management of party members , and to basically change the state of weakness and slackness in primary party organizations .
meanwhile , we should note , however , that tremendous changes have taken place in our economic structure and macroeconomic environment through many years of reform and opening up . this requires us to raise the level of importing things from abroad .
wu yi pointed out : to further open wider to the outside world , we also need to " export " things - - our products , personnel , and enterprises all should be " exported . "
every possible effort should be made to increase exports , especially mechanical and electrical products and high - tech products .
the report particularly attaches great importance to the development of education , science , and technology .
we shall face severe challenges agriculturally after our country accedes to the wto .
ismail amat said : it is necessary to do mass work well in order to maintain national unity .
to maintain national unity , we must implement the party 's policy toward nationalities in an all - round way .
ismail amat said : in the 50 years since the founding of the prc , the relations among various nationalities have been harmonious , and various undertakings have been thriving . one important reason for this is that we have developed a correct theory and formulated and implemented a wise policy in handling the relations among various nationalities .
wang zhongyu said : china now has a population of 1.259 billion , and there are about 10 million new births every year .
with the population base so large , the task is extremely arduous to maintain this level .
he hoped that henan province , with a population of 93 million , would continue to effectively control its population and do a good job in family planning in order to lay a foundation for all - round social and economic development .
beijing , 7 march ( xinhua ) - while examining and deliberating on the government work report , npc [ national people 's congress ] deputies from xinjiang and tibet stressed that development and stability are the two themes of the work of xinjiang and tibet .
in order to implement the strategy of large - scale development of western regions and bring about a leap forward in ethnic minorities regions ' economic development , we must resolutely safeguard social stability .
xinjiang should grasp development on the one hand and stability on the other by " persisting in firmly grasping the two aspects at the same time . "
social stability is not only important to ordinary people but also vital to investors , for only in a stable social environment will investors find it possible to do business with a sense of security .
we have already benefited in this regard : the number of individual industrial or commercial operators in qamdo prefecture has risen from more than 3,600 in 1998 to more than 5,800 early this year and the majority of them have come from the eastern provinces or regions . "
deputy shadike kariaji , vice president of xinjiang 's kaxgar prefecture islam association , stated : our country 's current religious policies are the best ones ever in history , for the people of all nationalities have been guaranteed freedom of belief .
shenyang , 7 mar ( xinhua ) - - in the dragon year at the turn of the century , a giant dragon - - the state - owned economic sector of liaoning - - raises its head up high .
the state - owned industries , which were incurring losses for 57 consecutive months , made up their deficits and increased surpluses instantaneously last year .
the losses by fushun petrochemicals and lcfc , were as high as 2.843 billion yuan in 1998 .
the increase and the decrease reflected the key role of a few . last year , state - owned and state - owned shareholding enterprises in liaoning province made 1.31 billion yuan profits after canceling out losses from the profits , and their losses dropped from around 50 percent to 35.5 percent .
by focusing on a few , we could seize the core of the issue of making up deficits and shaking off difficulties in liaoning 's state - owned economic sector .
what was more exciting was that the previous aisc , with outdated equipment and backward techniques , was replaced by a modern new aisc , equipped with full - fledged converters , continuous casting , and continuous hot - rolling machines .
aisc general manager liu jie said : new aisc already possesses the international standard for advanced iron and steel smelting , and can fully participate in international market competition .
deep - seated conflicts have been solved gradually , and benefits from reform have started to occupy dominant position [ subhead ] last september , lcfc officially turned over the entire hongwei district government and its functions , which lcfc managed for 20 years , to the liaoyang city government .
the kindergarten ; school ; shops ; hospital ; bank ; post office ; public security , procuratorial , and court organs ; township ; town ; and numerous streets that sit on an area within a 20 - square - kilometer circumference were totally separated from the enterprise .
in the initial phase of construction , lcfc , whose construction began in the , established a city proper - - hongwei district - - to serve production . every year , the enterprise paid the local government 55 million yuan management fee , and dispatched many enterprise personnel to participate in government management .
the heavy burden of running society directly affected the enterprise 's participation in market competition and in building a modern enterprise system . the separation from hongwei district was the biggest maneuver made by liaoning in the reform of separating the main bodies of soes from their supplementary units .
disg , the earliest special steel production base in our country , was the first among others in the same trade in the country to slide downward because of products that were not competitive .
in dalian city , in the two years of 1998 and 1999 , soes in the entire city trimmed a total of 180,000 workers and saved 2.7 billion yuan in costs and expenditures .
beginning last year , this law was replaced by the market law of survival of the fittest .
last year , liaoning declared bankruptcy on and closed down two especially big coal mines and seven large nonferrous metal mines whose resources were dried up , and plugged the black hole that drained profits .
liaoning provincial governor zhang guoguang said : the grave difficulties that have emerged in soes are labor pains that must be experienced when switching to a new system . we must go through a difficult period of transformation and labor pains before we can produce tremendous benefits from the reform .
some soes did not have high profit margins , and obtained rather weak economic returns .
last year , local state - owned industrial enterprises in liaoning completed 71.146 billion yuan in gross industrial output value , but made only 614 million yuan in profits , with a sales profit rate of less than 1 percent .
when the dragon raises its head , it 's a signal that it is to about to fly .
the reporter asked general li laizhu whether the mainland 's cruise missiles are capable of hitting lee teng - hui 's desk just like the outside world said ?
li said : " technologically speaking , any technology has the probability of error , but it is impossible for our cruise missiles to miss their target at the desk of lee teng - hui ! "
li gave a soft smile after making these comments .
now is in a normal state of war preparedness general li maintained that as combat forces , the pla is always prepared to smash all " taiwan independence " schemes .
faced with taiwan 's current general election , the reporter asked if the mainland has to enhance the state of war preparedness ?
li answered : " it is not necessary to do so . "
in regard to the unfriendly statements that the taiwan presidential contenders made during the presidential election period , general li said : " candidates always make such statements in order to win the election .
the " kitty hawk " aircraft carrier under the us seventh fleet moved in a high - profile manner not long ago after beijing released the " white paper . " li laizhu consented that this was a move that the united states took to show its strength to china .
minister of finance xiang huaicheng yesterday [ 2 march ] made a report on financial work to the national people 's congress [ npc ] session .
central expenditures exceeded revenue , leaving a deficit of 179.7 billion yuan or 600 million yuan more than the amount allowed by the npc standing committee last year .
the total local revenue exceeded expenditures , leaving a surplus of 3.8 billion yuan .
on the whole , china 's current financial situation is relatively stable and in a sound condition .
first , the increase of deficit is related to the need of stimulating the domestic demand .
we must use the expansion of domestic demand as a main motive force to stimulate economic development .
under such circumstances , the central government has decided to implement a proactive financial policy .
this year , expenditure for national defense has increased by more than 10 percent and some commentators have made incorrect criticism .
as is known to all , the income of officers and soldiers of the chinese army has been relatively low for a long time , and this situation is unfavorable to the improvement of national defense .
in fact , china 's national defense expenditures with a total amount of 120.5 billion yuan only account for 1 percent of the gdp , much lower than the world average of 3 percent .
in reality , the greatest increase of china 's budget for this year is in education .
nevertheless , some western mass media only watch china 's increase in national defense expenditures , and disregard the increase in the budget for education .
after the conclusion of yesterday 's morning session , general xiong ziren walked out of the assembly hall with other deputies and warmly shook hands with the hsing kang shang pao ( hong kong commercial daily ) news reporter who was waiting outside .
at the request of the reporter , xiong ziren discussed his views on the npc session .
he said : from premier zhu rongji 's report , we can see that china has accumulated rich experience in running the country .
in the 50 years since the founding of the prc , particularly in the 20 years since the beginning of reform and opening up , china has summed up and accumulated much experience , both positive and negative , in controlling the whole situation and correctly appraising the situation in national construction .
on the taiwan question , xiong ziren said : taiwan is an alienable part of china 's sacred territory and no attempt to split the country and promote taiwan independence can be tolerated .
we are closely watching the developments of the taiwan situation , and the pla is in full battle array .
xiong ziren 's advice to taiwan compatriots was that choosing independence would bring disaster because it meant choosing war .
he said : the chinese government has made it clear that it will not sit idle .
the chinese people will not let it happen . the pla is duty - bound to fulfill its sacred mission in protecting china 's unification and national interests .
we have the determination , the confidence , the ability and the means to protect hong kong 's security and maintain hong kong 's prosperity stability while resolving the taiwan question . hong kong compatriots can set their mind at rest .
enterprises ' transformation accelerates most of china 's existing enterprises will face the problem of having to accelerate their transformation when the time comes .
although china has made progress with its market - oriented reforms , and in some sectors especially , the markets are quite well - developed , its overall market development is still a problem .
if we look at the petroleum industry , although the oilfields are large in scale , the local population tends to be territorial [ shu di hua 1466 0966 0553 ] , and capital circulation is sluggish . it simply cannot compete with the versatile operations of the large foreign petroleum enterprises .
changing the government 's economic management mode relative to the market and the economic structure , the government 's economic management mode is much more susceptible to the impact of the country 's wto entry .
reform is incontrovertible it is exactly because china will face intense competition and challenges after its wto entry that it must follow through with its reforms during its economic development .
for 40 years , we have subscribed to the theory of making agriculture the foundation , but practice has proved that china 's agriculture is a weak industry . the farms are small ; the family - and household - based rural production structure hampers the future development of china 's agriculture .
this is because although families are the natural foundation , society 's wealth is created by enterprises .
only if we recognize this point can we change today 's abnormal situation of enterprises revolving around the government . instead , the government should revolve around , and serve , enterprises to create the conditions for enterprise development .
reform should also plant its foothold on the county towns ' economy .
this exposition which involves the development of china 's financial policy in the early period of next century has aroused the attention of people at home and abroad who care for china 's economic prospects .
economic observers here pointed out : this report has disclosed four major points of information on the development of china 's financial policy .
first , two years of practices and theoretical explorations proved that " no big risks would appear " in the pro - active fiscal policy . it will not trigger inflation or debt crises to the chinese government . this has become the consensus of all government departments .
third , the state finance will regulate the relations of income distribution .
china will take into account the collection of inheritance tax , gradually raise the wages of personnel such as public functionaries , and study and formulate policies for increasing wages .
fourth , china will strengthen the management of finance and taxation and consolidate the financial and economic order .
one thing that merits our attention is that the state council and some authorized units will send general accountants to large state - owned enterprises .
the people have noticed that last year 's financial report given by the financial minister stated that " viewed from a long - term perspective , china needs to implement an appropriately tight financial and monetary policy . " this formulation has not been mentioned again in this year 's financial report given by the minister of finance .
in this year 's financial report , the financial minister emphatically pointed out that " viewed from the practical needs of the current national economic development , the pro - active fiscal policy needs to be further implemented . "
then , will the " big deficit " policy implemented for several years running trigger inflation and lead the chinese government to a debt crisis ?
economic observers here made an analysis and pointed out that in addition to the continued implementation of the essential pro - active fiscal policy , there are also some objective conditions .
the current financial deficit and debt scales are still controlled within the warning line .
the deficit in 1999 accounted for 2.8 percent or so of the gdp , which was lower than the level of the world - acknowledged warning line .
the national income of china did not exceed its income distribution , and the potentials of china 's domestic market is enormous . under the current development stage where the average per capita national income is several hundred us dollars , rapid economic growth will continue for a fairly long period of time .
therefore , we still have room for issuing bonds .
he said : the ministry of finance has all along " strictly monitored the financial operational trend and paid attention to guarding against financial risks . "
in the financial expenditures in 2000 , major breakthroughs should be made in the following five fields : first , continue to strengthen the building of infrastructures .
third , increase social security input and comprehensively implement the policy for readjusting the distribution of income issued in 1999 .
fifth , appropriately increase expenditures on state security .
what merits our attention is that the increased amount of funds this time will be mainly used for raising the wages and allowances for military officers and men and for the expenses for troops stationed in macao .
economic observers here pointed out : beginning 1 january this year , the wages and allowances of the army will increase by 30 percent .
and based on this , another 20 percent of increase will appear in their wages and allowances .
he worked as vice governor for 14 years before he assumed the job as vice chairman of the shaanxi provincial people 's congress . one of his major tasks as vice chairman is the legislature .
some said that great importance should be attached to the environmental issue while carrying out the project . according to xu shanlin , these suggestions have some merit . but the most important thing is to standardize and ensure the project with laws .
xu shanlin and 30 other npc deputies have jointly put forward a resolution entitled the " law of the prc governing economic development in the western region . "
xu shanlin said : the project has a great bearing on more than 10 provinces and several hundred million people . it is a systematic project that requires long - term efforts on the part of people of several generations .
therefore , it is an urgent need to enact a law to guarantee the project . besides , the project is not only a matter for people living in the western region . the project needs the participation of people across the country .
we have used successful experiences of foreign countries as our reference . china also has accumulated many experiences in carrying out development and enacting law .
in this way , we can carry out the project in an even more orderly , healthy , and effective manner .
smuggling activities undermine normal economic order in the country , causing huge economic losses .
the smuggling syndicate corrupted a handful of local officials with illicit money obtained from smuggling , having an adverse effect on fujian and xiamen .
chen noted that the fujian provincial cpc committee and the provincial government all along have been in unison with the central authorities in the crackdown against smuggling ; once smuggling activities are uncovered , they will resolutely stem them .
third , giving full play to the exemplary role of an investment zone for taiwan businessmen . fourth , speeding up the construction of the pilot zone for cross - strait agricultural cooperation .
fifth , stepping up pilot direct shipping and exploring the possibility of direct passenger shipping .
third , continuing to expand their academic exchanges . fourth , continuing their cultural and art exchanges .
this directive introduces an important task the whole party 's ideological and political education .
marked by the party 's third plenary meeting of the 11 th party congress , our country entered a new historical development period of reform , opening up and construction of socialist modernization .
in the past 20 years , great changes recognized by the world have taken place throughout china . the social productive forces have been going through new emancipation . the political situation of stability and unity has been solidified . the level of the masses material and cultural lives has been rising by large margins .
" we tell stories about events happening in spring , we become wealthy after reform and opening up . "
this song , which is popular in both south and north of the chang jiang river , is a vivid portrayal of our country 's great historical changes .
in this sense , launching the education of " one must never forget where one 's wealth comes from and should strive for progress after becoming wealthy " is the most alive and real education in ideals , beliefs , the party 's basic lines and supporting reform and opening up .
the saying " people wish for changes when they are poor " shows a spirit , an ambition and their awareness .
at the same time , people are often satisfied with their situations . this is proved by the saying , " people become stable when they are a little wealthy . "
so " one should strive for progress after becoming wealthy " is a better spirit , ambition and awareness and is more commendable .
at no time can we stand still , refuse to make progress or become complacent with our current situations .
instead , we should press forward with keen determination and make unremitting efforts to improve ourselves .
an area and an individual should act like this . a country and a nation should act like this even more .
especially in the current world , new technological revolutions are developing rapidly , market competition is becoming increasingly fierce , international politics is facing a changeable situation and the challenges we face are urgent and severe .
in wartime , we launched the education campaign of " recalling the bitterness inflicted on the laboring people by the old society and reactionaries and checking soldiers class , work and fighting will " and greatly enhanced troops cohesiveness and fighting power .
now we advocate the education campaign of " one must never forget where one 's wealth comes from and should strive for progress after becoming wealthy . " this is a nationwide ideological and political education campaign under the conditions of reform , opening up and a socialist market economy .
if our reasons are detailed , our education will become deep , effective , timely , close to the people who receive the education and targeted at real problems .
at the auspicious time on the auspicious day , all rank and file of the armed forces convey their warm congratulations to these two conferences and hope they will succeed satisfactorily .
the military also successively organized a multi - arm joint sea - crossing and landing military maneuver and smoothly stationed troops in macao for defense . the military successfully completed the task of military review for the 50 th anniversary of the founding of the prc and fully displayed the image of powerful and civilized troops .
at the turn of the millennium , when recalling the past and looking into the future , we feel an upsurge of emotion and are filled with pride and enthusiasm .
in the current world , we have seen new development in hegemonism and power politics . a new doctrine of interfering in other countries affairs and a new policy severely threaten the peace and security of the world .
because forces for the independence of taiwan and for separating the mainland and taiwan cling obstinately to their course , the great cause of uniting the motherland features more acute conflicts and a more complicated situation .
some foreign forces which are reluctant to see unification strengthen their military support for taiwan with various excuses and measures .
we must conscientiously study and deeply understand the strategic significance in striving to develop western china .
the pla should be out in front of the whole society in the aspect of the construction of socialist civilization .
today , the meeting invited four cppcc members to give a news conference to both the chinese and foreign media , at which questions concerning the ideological emancipation , environmental protection , development of a specialty agriculture , and ways to attract foreign investment during the process of the large - scale west development were answered .
people 's political consultative conferences at all levels and democratic parties have a galaxy of talent , enjoy an intelligence advantage , have extensive social connections , and can play an important role in the large - scale development of the western region .
as soon as the central authorities put forward the strategic decision of implementing the strategy of a large - scale west development , people 's political consultative conferences at all levels and all democratic parties have given a positive response , gone into immediate action , and unfolded the work in many aspects .
the central committee of the revolutionary committee of the chinese kuomintang has sent several inspection groups to the northwest , held symposiums for experts and scholars , and submitted five motions to the cppcc committee concerning the large - scale development of the western region .
the western region is at the upper - and middle - reaches of china 's major rivers , and accelerating the building of the ecological environment in the western region is therefore of a decisive significance to china 's sustainable development , he indicated .
member chen zongxing , vice chairman of the chinese peasants ' and workers ' democratic party and vice governor of shaanxi province , said when answering a question on how to readjust the agricultural structure during the large - scale development of the western region : agricultural development should not follow the same track of a traditional development .
just he did seven time previously when he came to beijing to attend the npc sessions , the imam from kashi 's aitigaer mosque would pray five time daily in a room at the session venue .
he told the reporters : " china 's current policy on religion is the best . "
commenting on the allegations of some people abroad with ulterior motives that tibet does not have freedom in religious beliefs , he said : " it is utter nonsense ! "
he said : we can see people offer joss sticks to the buddha everywhere in lhasa and other parts of tibet .
the tibet autonomous regional legislative organs also incorporated tibetan traditional festivals , including " tibetan calendar new year " and the " xuetun festival [ name as transliterated ] , " as public holidays in the tibet autonomous region .
legqog said : since china carried out reform and opening up , the state has allocated and used over 300 million yuan and a lot of gold and silver to repair and protect tibetan temples .
tong fu , vice chairman of the npc standing committee foreign affairs committee , who recently accompanied a foreign delegation to visit tibet , said : " the best way is to let foreigners personally see the actual tibet themselves .
over there , you can see that the temples are very well kept . people are not restricted in religious beliefs . "
the founding of new china , in a radical way , eradicated the economic foundation and class division that had led to suppression and bullying of women . women in our country have won enormous liberation and have actively devoted themselves to the great undertaking of socialist construction .
the great practice of the women 's movement in china also tells us that the women 's movement must merge with the entire trend of social development and the international women 's movement of achieving liberation , realizing gender equality , and seeking peace and development , in order to fulfill women 's liberation goals in a better way .
at the fourth world conference on women , president jiang zemin solemnly pointed out the need to make seeking gender equality a basic national policy in china 's social development .
party committees and governments at all levels must further stress women 's progress and development , conscientiously implement the basic national policy of gender equality , work hard to realize the goals stipulated in the chinese women 's development outline , and create a more conducive social environment for women 's progress and development .
industries where production capacity is excessive should be diverted , through assets displacement and reorganization , to the public sector or new industries , which the government should strengthen .
enterprises that suffer serious losses in operation , with their assets short of paying their debts , and do not have a promising future for development should be ordered to go bankrupt according to the law . 2 .
to speed up financial reform to ensure a comparatively high growth of the economy .
presently , in addition to continuing expanding government expenditures , attention should be paid to the proper readjustment of the expenditure structure and proper coordination of financial revenue and expenditure in terms of role and orientation . 3 .
to speed up the development of the western region of china and the process of urbanization , in a bid to boost a coordinated development of regional economies as well as urban and rural economies .
to vigorously implement the strategy of developing the nation with science and technology and education so as to accelerate industrial upgrading .
the government 's input in r & d [ research and development ] should be increased by a wide margin .
only in this way can we make the most of the development opportunities to be brought about by china 's wto entry and minimize its pounding effect .
li peng said that he was very pleased to discuss and examine the government work report today with the hong kong deputies and he expressed hope that all participants would speak out and say what they want to say to him .
she made suggestions on how to strengthen environmental protection and achieve sustainable development while developing the economy .
deputy wu ching - hui said : on the issue of corruption , effective measures should be adopted and effective supervision in various forms should be strengthened .
he proposed speeding up the enactment of a " press law " and effectively guaranteeing the supervisory role of the media .
deputy fei pei offered suggestions and expectations on the npc 's work toward foreign countries .
he said : the work toward foreign countries of the current npc has made successes , including innovative advances . for instance , hong kong and macao representatives were included in bilateral friendship groups with foreign parliaments , and very good results have been achieved in this regard .
she proposed summing up and popularizing all these practices . deputy wen chia - hsuan spoke on the implementation of the hong kong basic law. the npc standing committee 's interpretation of the relevant provisions of the basic law last year was entirely correct and most authoritative .
he also made suggestions on the popularization and implementation of the basic law .
he proposed improving the legal system , strengthening the supervision by the npc , promoting constant improvement of the inland 's investment environment , and expanding cooperation between hong kong and the inland .
he said : inter - parliamentary exchanges are a key component of china 's diplomacy .
the npc has set up bilateral friendship groups with parliaments of more than 50 foreign countries . the figure may increase in the days to come .
to include hong kong deputies into these groups is a way for them to take part in the administration of state affairs .
he also aired his views on the issues which hong kong deputies were concerned about , such as environmental protection , the strategy to develop the western region of china in a big way , china 's accession to the world trade organization , the security of the banking industry , and reform of state - owned enterprises .
he hoped that hong kong deputies would speak out what they want to say , discuss state affairs with other deputies , and make greater contributions to the country .
hong kong delegation head wu kang - min presided over today 's discussion meeting , which was attended by he chunlin , secretary general of the npc standing committee .
the third session of the ninth cppcc committee held its first session for members to air their views in the great hall of the people this afternoon .
a total of 12 cppcc members gave their constructive views and made suggestions on such major issues as reform , opening up , economic construction , and a sustainable development .
member dong fureng , well - known economist and honorary director of the institute of economics under the chinese academy of social sciences , spoke on the issue of using the finance to pull along the economy .
he suggested that taiwan businessmen be given " citizen 's treatments " and be allowed to run any industry and trade that a chinese citizen is allowed to run by legal means .
the fields which are to be opened to foreign investment as agreed by china upon its accession to the wto should first be opened to taiwan businessmen .
the present year is the first year of macao 's return to the motherland .
the executive chairmen of today 's meeting were ye xuanping , ngapoi ngawang jigme , song jian , qian zhengying , zhu guangya , wan guoquan , zhao nanqi , jing shuping , and zhang kehui .
beijing , 7 mar (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today that china 's defense expenditures will not increase substantially if no incidents that seriously threaten china 's national sovereignty and security arise this year .
zhu bangzao said : china 's defense budget for this year is 120.5 billion yuan .
although this is an increase in absolute terms , china is still among the countries with the lowest per capita expenditures .
the spokesman said : this year 's increased defense expenditures will mainly cover the increases in salaries and allowances for officers and soldiers in the armed forces , the costs of housing reform , medical insurance , and the expenditures for troops stationed in macao .
he said : china 's defense construction is firmly subordinate to and serves the overall interests of national economic construction .
this is china 's long - term basic policy .
zhu bangzao said : since the 1980 s , although china 's defense funding has increased annually in absolute terms , its proportion to the gross national product and national financial expenditures has declined by the year . there is a certain gap between the funding requirements of defense construction and military modernization and the actual funding .
the spokesman reiterated that an early realization of china 's reunification is the common desire of all chinese people , including the taiwan compatriots .
he said : the taiwan authorities are trying to move against the historical trend . not only is this futile , but it will also seriously jeopardize the relaxation and development of cross - strait relations and endanger peace and stability in the asia - pacific region . it is doomed to failure .
this stand of china 's is firm and unshakable [ jian ding bu yi de 1017 1353 0008 4448 4104 ] .
beijing , 7 mar ( xinhua ) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao today pointed out emphatically that , for a long period of time , lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] has constantly undermined china 's friendly relations with other countries , and has carried out activities to create " two chinas . "
he said : lee teng - hui 's acts of going to foreign countries , in whatever capacity , to carry out political activities of creating " two chinas " will be opposed and condemned by the chinese government and the chinese people .
he said : china has all along advocated that lebanon 's sovereign rights and territorial integrity should be respected and that israel should implement the un security council 's resolution no. 425 and withdraw from southern lebanon .
the total issue of treasury bonds this year will reach 438 billion yuan , 26.5 billion yuan more than last year . the chinese government is trying to increase domestic demand and promote economic development through fiscal input .
xiang huaicheng 's clear answer to these skeptics is : practice and theoretical explorations over the past two years have proved that the proactive fiscal policy involves no major risks and will not trigger inflation or a debt crisis .
although china 's economy has been operating well in recent years , the problem of insufficient effective demand has also been quite pronounced .
economists taking part in the two sessions believe that the implementation of a proactive fiscal policy is the most direct and effective means of increasing domestic demand .
in terms of the effects of financing through government bonds , the 210 billion yuan of long - term bonds issued by the government through banks over the past two years only made use of some of the savings deposits .
the government no longer talks about " a moderately tight fiscal and monetary policy " in its fiscal report this year . a moderate increase in money supply has in fact dispelled worries that fiscal deficit will trigger inflation .
as pointed out by authoritative sources in beijing , china 's level of deficit and government debt is still within a safety zone . a small increase in deficit is not all that risky in the longer term either . the decisive factor is the overall trend of economic growth .
as long as china can maintain rapid economic growth and continue to optimize its economic structure and achieve better economic results , the government 's repayment ability can still be guaranteed .
according to last year 's method , the forecast central budget deficit this year should be 24.7 billion yuan less than the actual deficit last year .
according to the report on the national economic and social development plan delivered by state planning commission minister zeng peiyuan , china 's economic growth rate is expected to reach about seven percent this year .
beijing , 7 mar (zts) - - the year 2000 is the last year , as well as a decisive year to realize the three - year goal of reforming state - owned enterprises and getting them out of their plight .
as a breakthrough point to carry out reform and eliminate poverty , state - owned textile enterprises created 800 million yuan in profits last year , putting an end to the money - losing situation for six consecutive years .
sheng huaren pointed out that this year , we should do our best to fulfill the three - year goal of reforming state - owned enterprises and getting them out of their plight .
he said : we will strive to help more unemployed workers find jobs than the total number of new layoffs this year . it is necessary for the state to provide basic needs to a monthly average of 6.5 million to 7 million laid - off workers .
the central authorities will continue to give financial support to the central and western regions and to old industrial bases .
on the premise of maintaining a certain economic growth rate , we will make great efforts to create more jobs by developing the tertiary industry , particularly the community service industry .
they pledged one after another to conscientiously study and grasp this exposition and guide their thinking and actions with it in order to advance the cause of building socialism with chinese characteristics in an all - round way .
in his speech in guangdong , general secretary jiang zemin pointed out : our party " always represents the requirements for the development of china 's advanced social productive forces , represents the orientation for the progress of china 's advanced culture , and represents the fundamental interests of the broadest possible masses of people in china . "
party members and cadres in various localities held that the brilliant three - way " representing " exposition given by general secretary jiang points out the direction for party building and is of great guiding significance for further promoting reform , opening up , and the cause of building the material and spiritual civilizations .
to make the country strong and the people rich is the starting point and the final goal of all the work of the party .
now the reform of state - owned enterprises has entered the stage of surmounting the most serious difficulties , and this is a crucial period for development . the three - way " representing " exposition is of great practical and guiding significance .
in the present age , we communists should take the improvement and development of the productive forces as our own duty and vigorously carry out reform in order to better represent the requirements for the development of the advanced productive forces in china .
in the new historical period , we should uphold and implement the party 's basic line and accelerate economic development and social progress .
whether a party , country , or nation represents the orientation for the progress of an advanced culture will determine the quality , ability , and rise or decline of the party , country , or nation .
when an area is backward economically , it has no status ; when a culture is backward , it has no quality .
in recent years , baishan city has been making efforts to build itself into a " culturally rich city " in which photography , painting , handicraft , radio , television , and other cultural undertakings have been developing rapidly .
the general secretary 's three - way " representing " exposition means looking at culture according new historical conditions and the basic nature of the party , which is bound to guide the direction for all - round progress in the motherland .
without an accumulation of scientific and cultural knowledge , it will be impossible to scale the heights of science or the heights of ideology and morality ; in that case , china would not be able to advance ahead of the times .
thus , large numbers of residents of the municipality have highly spoken of the communist party and socialism one after another .
the conduct of security dialogue will help enhance mutual understanding between the two countries , expand consensus between the two sides , and promote cooperation in relevant areas .
on israeli 's withdrawal of its troops from lebanon , zhu bangzao said : china expresses its appreciation of israel 's decision .
china has always maintained that lebanon 's sovereignty and territorial integrity should be respected and that israel should implement un security council 's resolution no. 425 and withdraw its troops from southern lebanon .
he said : china hopes that the move will help promote overall progress in the middle east peace talks and achieve peace and stability in the middle east at an early date .
at the panel discussion , six cppcc members made speeches , respectively . they set forth opinions on the government work report and the cppcc work .
they maintained that last year , the government and the cppcc made noticeable achievements in their work , and the achievements were gratifying and pressed the people to advance bravely .
janabil , chairman of the cppcc xinjiang uygur autonomous regional committee ; and ma sizhong , chairman of the cppcc ningxia hui nationality autonomous regional committee , set forth opinions on the large - scale development of the western areas .
he said that the cppcc is an organization for consultation . consultation is the cppcc 's main function and major work method .
fundamentally speaking , consultation is a kind of discussion .
practice shows that when we come across a question , discussions are better than non - discussions , more discussions are better than fewer discussions , and quick discussions are better than late discussions .
li ruihuan said that one person 's practice and understanding have limitation , in general .
a leader is wise not because he is smarter than others , but because he is good at learning from others and at pooling , understanding , and generalizing increasingly more people 's practice , experience , intelligence , and wisdom .
to do a good job on discussions , we should treat others equally and sincerely .
equality is the basis for discussions . with equality , we will be able to create an atmosphere for mutual respect and harmony and to have others directly express their opinions , talk freely , and set forth all kinds of opinions and proposals .
li ruihuan emphatically concluded that the question of whether communist party members pay attention to and achieve discussions is by no means a minor matter .
chairman mao exhorted the party as a whole early in the yanan era : " we are not a small faction which considers itself in the right . we must learn the method of opening our gate to conduct democratic cooperation with non - party personages and be good at discussing matters with others . "
li ruihuan urged the communist party members in the cppcc organizations to cultivate the habit of discussing questions and strive to be experts in the united front work and the cppcc work .
ye xuanping , yang rudai , wang zhaoguo , song jian , li guixian , chen junsheng , zhang siqing , qian zhengying , zhu guangya , hu qili , chen jinhua , zhao nanqi , mao zhiyong , and bai lichen attended the panel discussion .
during discussions with gansu and ningxia delegations , zhu rongji gave opinions mainly on the extensive development of the western region .
the central and western regions are facing an unprecedented development opportunity . it is hoped that all of you would firmly grasp this historical opportunity and be fully prepared in terms of thoughts , organizations and actions .
we should be farsighted , make our work keep abreast of development , set a higher starting point , and strive to make all fields of work enter a new stage , attain a new level , and see new progress .
he said : over the past 20 years , china has opened up its coastal regions of guangdong and fujian and unceasingly spread its efforts to the vast inland areas , scored achievements of worldwide attention and accumulated valuable experiences .
the delegates of taiwan province gave an enthusiastic response to the expositions carried in the government work report on the settlement of the taiwan issue and the realization of the great reunification cause of the motherland .
they showed resolute support , one after another , for the chinese government 's adherence to the principled stand of one china , and for its move to adopt all measures possible in order to safeguard the country 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the delegates noted : as taiwan compatriots , we have a greater sense of urgency and a greater sense of mission on the settlement of the taiwan issue .
the principle of " peaceful reunification , one country two systems " tallies with the maximum interests of all the chinese people , including taiwan compatriots ; and is therefore the best solution to the taiwan issue .
we firmly believe that any attempt to deliberately create " taiwan independence , " " two chinas " and " one china , one taiwan , " whomever it may come from and whoever it may draw support from , will never have its way and will inevitably be foiled completely .
the delegates also expressed hope that their loved ones on the island can make a careful choice for the safety and well - being of taiwan and themselves .
he noted : after the successive returns of hong kong and macao to the embrace of the motherland , the task of settling the taiwan issue and realizing a complete unification of the motherland has been emphatically placed before all chinese .
our stand against an indefinite delay on the settlement of the taiwan issue has been consistent , noted qian qichen .
" taiwan independence " forces and separatist force , as well as foreign anti - china forces , all hope to put off the settlement of the taiwan issue indefinitely .
this is something that we cannot tolerate .
he added : the concept of " one country , two systems " has been successfully practiced in hong kong and macao , and is also totally applicable to the settlement of the taiwan issue .
a settlement of the taiwan issue by way of " one country , two systems " will bring nothing but benefits to taiwan compatriots . by rejecting the practice of " one country , two systems " on various pretexts , the taiwan authorities are , in essence , showing their opposition to reunification .
taiwan compatriots enjoy a glorious patriotic tradition , and we sincerely place hopes on the vast numbers of the taiwan people .
i believe that the taiwan people will surely make a correct choice on issues that have a vital importance on sovereignty and territorial integrity , on the fundamental interest of the chinese nation , and on the future and fate of taiwan .
with the common efforts of the people on both sides of the taiwan straits , the taiwan issue can surely be settled at an early date .
this afternoon , qian qichen also attended the discussions of the hong kong delegation and the macao delegation .
in his respective speech to the two delegations , qian qichen again reiterated the consistent stand of the chinese government on settling the taiwan issue in line with the principle of " peaceful reunification , one country two systems . "
wen jiabao said : xinjiang , with vast land and abundant resources , has an advantage in resource exploration .
he said : in the aspect of infrastructure , besides accelerating the building of railways , highways , and communications , xinjiang should also make great efforts to develop aviation , the aviation within the autonomous region in particular .
in his government work report delivered at the third session of the ninth npc committee , chinese state council premier zhu rongji stressed the need to adopt more powerful measures to unremittingly push forward both the building of a clean and honest government and the struggle against corruption .
he also noted that all major cases , whichever department and whoever they may involve , should be investigated thoroughly and completely ; and no one is allowed to show partiality or be soft in the handling of such cases .
the section on the anti - corruption work in zhu rongji 's report won the warm applause of all the delegates attending the meeting .
according to an expert , during the initial years of china 's reform and opening up , corrupt practices started to emerge among a number of cadres , which was regarded as the cost of reform .
the year 1992 , however , could be seen as a watershed : prior to 1992 , corruption practices , which were resulted from frictions of the then double - track pricing system , were scattered and isolated , involving small amounts of money .
meanwhile , the total number of officials at the prefectural - departmental level who have been given disciplinary punishment within the party and the government for corrupt practices has presented a shocking figure .
china 's top leadership has taken the problem of corruption seriously , and has approached the anti - corruption struggle from the high plane that it has a vital importance to " the very existence " of the ruling party .
this has made the common people doubt as whether corruption can ever be prevented in real terms .
professor yan qiang held that introducing a political structural reform is the greatest mission for this npc session and the coming several sessions , for only in this way can corruption be eliminated and prevented in terms of system .
under this system , any state civil servant who is found to have been involved in any undesired activities should be deprived of his professional qualifications as a civil servant , even if his error have yet to lead to any serious consequences , for overindulgence will nurture evil .
now that rural areas have already possessed the necessary conditions for such practice , we should go on to spread the practice to townships , counties , and cities .
meanwhile , instead of engaging ourselves in a nominal change , we should make use of the opportunity of a wage raise and conduct a strict appraisal on the performance of civil servants , and should optimize the personnel quality of civil servants while improving their benefits and remunerations .
over the past several years , the cpc 's decision - making leadership has constantly increased the intensity of the anti - corruption struggle , and has begun to guard against and punish corruption by first building up sound systems .
beijing , 7 march ( xinhua ) - - li peng , member of the cpc politburo standing committee and chairman of the national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee , came to the shaanxi hall of the great hall of the people this afternoon to join the shaanxi delegation in examining the government work report .
li peng emphasized the need to pay attention to key points and give full scope to advantages so to achieve success in the grand development of the western region .
before the formal beginning of the discussion , li peng smiled and said with a typical shaanxi accent : " i lived in shaanxi for five years and have a deep affection for this place . "
applause and laughter rose in response to this remark , and then the deputies vied with one another to express their opinions .
deputy han wei mentioned in his speech that in developing the west , we should also pay attention to the protection of cultural relics , and integrate the protection drive with the development of tourism .
deputies chen xuchu , gong deshun , shan lun , and chen youde also made some suggestions on developing the western region in line with shaanxi 's situation .
when deputies spoke , li peng took notes conscientiously , and continuously asked for more details and discussed them with the deputies .
afterwards , li peng also expressed his opinions .
he said : today everybody spoke with focus on the grand development of the western region , showing everybody 's concern about this issue .
shaanxi has quite a few advantages , such as basic manufacturing industry , scientific and technological forces , and energy .
in the course of developing the west , the important thing is that every locality finds their own key points of development and focuses effort on them .
li peng noted : shaanxi has had an important status in chinese history , and has made tremendous contributions to china 's revolution .
for example , shaanxi could work on boosting high - and new - technology , biology engineering , information engineering , water - saving agriculture , and fruit planting .
greater efforts should be made to create a good legal environment , to closely link the drive of ruling the country in line with law with the development of the economy .
finally , li peng held that in developing the northwest , we need to update our thoughts and depend on the support of the state .
beijing , 7 mar (zxs) - - qian qichen , political bureau member of cpc central committee and state council vice premier , pointed out here today : the chinese government has not changed its policies toward the taiwan issue and that the taiwan issue should not be unresolved indefinitely .
this does not mean that the chinese government has changed its policies toward taiwan . that the settlement of the taiwan issue cannot be indefinitely delayed is our consistent stance .
qian qichen pointed out : reunification is an issue concerning the righteous cause of the nation . it is hoped that compatriots in taiwan would have a fuller understanding of the " one country , two systems . "
after their return , hong kong and macao have really kept its original social systems , life styles and laws basically unchanged .
li lanqing expressed his opinions after listening attentively to the deputies ' views .
there is no doubt that we should seriously study how to reduce excessive schoolwork at middle and primary schools .
however , we must never simplify the work of strengthening the ideological and moral education for youngsters , comprehensively implementing the party 's educational principles , and carrying out an allaround quality education .
qian qichen smiled , saying : " when we issued the white paper , they said it was a threat . when the people 's liberation army [ pla ] spoke , they also said it was a threat . actually , there is nothing of the sort . it merely indicates they have a guilty conscience ! "
qian qichen said : " the sooner the better ! "
his words won warm applause from the deputies .
after his participation in the hong kong delegation 's discussion , qian qichen went to the macao delegation .
this is the first time that deputies from macao have formed a delegation to attend the npc session . out of the 12 deputies , seven are new .
deputy wang qiren , who was nearby , said : " it shows that the central authorities attach great importance to macao ! "
qian qichen 's opening remarks won the warm applause from the 12 macao deputies .
( end summary ) this morning cpc general secretary and president jiang zemin took part in a full - member meeting of the shanghai deputies to the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] .
focusing on the government work report , the deputies actively expressed their views in light of their local conditions .
deputy wang qifan was the first to talk about shanghai 's industrial enterprise reform and development as well as speeding up technological innovations .
as a member of the shanghai delegation , jiang zemin was very interested in shanghai 's reform and construction .
he took notes while listening and sometimes chipped in to exchange views with the deputies . he also asked them about shanghai 's reform and development .
he pointed out : over the last few years , shanghai has made new achievements in reform and development .
jiang zemin pointed out : facing economic globalization , world scientific and technological progress , and the changing situation , we should speed up our country 's economic and social development , emancipate our minds , seek truth from facts , be brave in carrying out innovations , and advance with an enterprising spirit .
in the course of modernization , blazing new trails by means of science and technology and blazing new trails in the economic structure are decisive factors .
it is also necessary to continue to carry out explorations and practice in promoting state enterprise reform , in strengthening the establishment of the market system , in speeding up the transformation of government functions , and in forming the social security system .
jiang zemin pointed out : following the constant development of our economy , we should take an active part in international economic competition and make efforts to gain the initiative in this respect .
we should seize every opportunity to carry out the strategy of " going out , " closely combine " introduction from abroad " with " going out , " and utilize in a better way two kinds of resources and two kinds of markets of foreign countries .
this is the only way for us to gain the initiative in international competition .
this will help carry out an economic structural adjustment and the optimized deployment of resources in an even broader arena and will thus continuously increase china 's economic development ability and impetus and promote its long - term economic development .
chinese territory is vast and the development of different regions is not balanced .
regions that have developed ahead of others should not forget how their prosperity has come and should think of making further progress ; they should continue to work hard and actively help and encourage those less developed regions to speed up their development .
we should observe economic rules . we should bring into play the guiding role of policies and the regulatory role of the market mechanism as well . we should actively encourage enterprises in eastern regions to participate in the development of central and western regions by various means .
in this new stage , we should , in accordance with the requirements of the " three deputies , " educate comrades in the entire party , particularly all levels of leading cadres , to comprehensively strengthen party building .
wu bangguo , huang ju , wu jieping , and han zhubin also took part in the shanghai delegation 's meeting .
wu yi noted that the overseas development of powerful enterprises in processing with their own materials is an important aspect of china 's opening up to the outside world .
as to konka group 's establishment of a plant in india and a research and development base in silicon valley in the united states , wu yi expressed her appreciation .
wu yi also placed particular emphasis on personnel training and expressed her hope that guangdong will explore experience for the whole country in overseas development .
attending the panel discussion included guangdong party secretary li changchun , provincial people 's congress chairman zhu senlin , and governor lu ruihua .
beijing , march 7 - - wei jianxing , member of the standing committee of the political bureau , secretary of the secretariat and secretary of the commission for discipline inspection of the cpc central committee , today attended the government work report discussion of the guangxi delegation to the third session of the ninth npc .
during the discussion , he emphasized the need to combine honesty and self - discipline on the part of leading cadres with strict supervision .
the deputies earnestly discussed the report and spoke one after another in the light of reality . cao bochun [ 2580 0130 4783 ] said : our principle and tasks are clear .
we must arm party members with deng xiaoping theory and take resolute measures to improve party style and build a clean and honest government .
after the deputies had taken the floor , wei jianxing pointed out : the three anti - corruption tasks determined by the central committee concern two issues : the rectification of unhealthy tendencies and the punishment of corrupt elements .
localities and departments where unhealthy tendencies prevail are also places where erring cadres , major cases and corrupt elements abound .
we must pay attention to unhealthy tendencies and self discipline and start off by grasping concrete problems .
we must strengthen supervision over these cadres . some of them must be subject to strict disciplinary action , which is intended to educate and help them .
instead , they merely seek good relations with everyone at the expense of principles , and practice vulgar skills of establishing connections .
we should conscientiously study and implement the spirit of the important speech by general secretary jiang zemin on strictly running the party , stress study , politics and uprightness , and effectively improve the daily management and supervision of leading cadres .
we must continue to exert great efforts to carry the anti - corruption struggle to greater depths .
ding guangen , member of the political bureau and secretary of the secretariat of the cpc central committee , also attended the discussion of the guangxi delegation .
when deputy fu chuanyue said that it is possible not only to return farmland to forest and pasture but also , in light of the actual conditions of zunyi , to " return farmland to bamboo groves , " hu jintao agreed , saying : " that is a good idea .
after earnestly listening to the deputies ' speeches , hu jintao said , the inauguration of the strategy of great development of the west is an extremely precious opportunity for promoting china 's modernization , especially the development of the western regions , including guizhou .
guizhou must base its work on its natural conditions and socialist economic conditions in thoroughly implementing the relevant central guidelines and policies and embarking on a new path of development .
hu jintao said , we are carrying out the great development of the west in conditions of developing socialist market economy , and there is no ready - made experience and pattern to follow .
if we stick to old conventions we will simply miss the opportunity , and we will hesitate to move forward if we fear and shrink back from difficulties .
the leading cadres at all levels must strengthen their sense of responsibility , mission , and urgency , consistently maintain high spirits , be bold and resolute in advancing , press forward despite the difficulties , and exert every endeavor to open up a new situation in work .
they must establish the work style of pragmatically seeking truth and grasping work in a down - to - earth way , go deep into reality , investigate and study , have their feet planed on solid ground , immerse themselves in hard work , and solve practical problems in a thoroughgoing way .
npc standing committee vice chairman cao zhi attended the guizhou discussion .
beijing , 7 mar (zxs) - - on 7 march vice premier qian qichen examined the government work report at the taiwan hall of the great hall of the people together with the taiwan delegates attending the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] .
he said it is our consistent position to oppose the indefinite delay of the taiwan issue .
he added that it is inadmissible for taiwan independence advocators , splittist forces , and foreign anti - chinese forces to hope to delay the taiwan issue indefinitely .
taiwan province delegates commented enthusiastically about the passage in the government work report on resolving the taiwan issue and on realizing the great cause of the motherland 's reunification .
they said they firmly supported the chinese government 's principled stand on one - china and all the chinese government 's measures to maintain the state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the delegates said that as taiwan compatriots , we feel the greater sense of urgency and sense of mission over the taiwan issue .
the " peaceful reunification , one country , two systems " are in accord with the greatest interests of all the chinese people , including those of the taiwan compatriots , and are the best ways to resolve the taiwan issue .
we firmly believe that the conspiracy of intentional creation of " taiwan independence , " " two chinas , " and " one china and one taiwan " will not succeed and will be surely doomed to complete failure no matter who they are and no matter who their supporters are .
he said that following the reversion of hong kong and macao , the task of resolving the taiwan issue and of realizing the motherland 's complete reunification is thrust before all the chinese people .
in the " one - china principle and the taiwan issue " white paper published this year the chinese government reaffirmed its consistent position on resolving the taiwan issue , which elicited strong reactions at home and abroad .
using the " one country , two systems " to resolve the taiwan issue will only bring benefits to the taiwan compatriots . the taiwan authorities , however , by putting forth all kinds of excuses to oppose the " one country , two systems , " are in reality opposing the reunification .
as the taiwan compatriots have the glorious tradition of patriotism , we sincerely place hope on the people of taiwan .
with the joint efforts of the people on both sides of the strait , the taiwan issue can surely be settled early .
the chinese people 's eager desire for reunification and determination to oppose separation will not waver .
deputy yu yongbo said : this year the whole army should regard successfully carrying out ideological and political work under the situation of deepening reform and guaranteeing that the troops are more conscious in serving and safeguarding the overall situation of reform , development and stability as the important task and grasp it firmly and successfully .
it is necessary to promptly and resolutely integrate the ideology and actions of the army with the policy decisions and instructions of the party central committee and the central military commission , and guarantee the smooth implementation of government and military orders and keep a correct orientation for army building .
yu yongbo said : to strengthen ideological and political work under the situation of deepening reform , we must prominently grasp the key point of upholding and supporting reform and education .
we must see to it that the more we deepen reform the more the army should be educated so as to enhance the officers and men 's understanding of reform and unceasingly enhance their consciousness in upholding and supporting reform .
after the return of hong kong and macao , the settlement of taiwan issue has become more prominent in front of us .
we should concentrate financial resources to guarantee the building of equipment and further enhance the capacity to deal with emergency and to provide strategic and campaign logistics support .
we should strengthen logistics management in an all - round manner , persist in working hard and building up the army industriously and thriftily and managing logistics work strictly in line with law , urge leaders and organs to take the lead in strengthening logistics management , and continue to promote logistics reform and construction .
deputy wang ruilin said : cultivating high - quality military personnel is the fundamental plan for accelerating the building of a modern army .
in addition , they must have strong political sharpness and discernment , maintain unity in terms of ideology and action with the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin at the core , and resolutely safeguard the party 's absolute leadership over the army .
they must have a good knowledge of science and culture , be good at many things and expert in one , and have an innovative spirit .
wang ruilin said : to cultivate and foster a great number of high - quality military personnel of a new type , we must also have a pioneering and enthusiastic mental state .
and leading comrades who went to join the discussion meetings of various delegations today are : tian jiyun , li changchun , wu guanzheng , jiang chunyun , jia qinglin , qian qichen , wen jiabao , wu yi , ismail amat , and wang zhongyu .
jiang chunyun stresses grasping both economic construction , management according to laws while joining the discussion meeting of anhui delegation , jiang chunyun , member of cpc central political bureau and vice chairman of npc standing committee , stressed that it is necessary to grasp both economic construction and management according to laws .
especially , we should be good at applying legal means to ensure an orderly and healthy development of market economy , because legal means are of universal , specific , stable , and mandatory features .
it is necessary to proceed from the height of implementing the general plan of administrating the country according to laws and building a socialist country governed by laws to study this big subject and write this long article well .
qian qichen said that it should be selective in making developments and opening up and that ningxia can develop tourism of its own characteristics .
as long as there are sources of tourists , investment can be absorbed .
he said that although ningxia is situated inland and its natural conditions are not excellent , its ancient irrigation works , splendid xixia civilization , and unique customs and cultures are wholly capable of attracting tourists at home and abroad to bring along local economic developments .
therefore , it is imperative to develop tourism first and then develop suitable characteristic economy in the light of its own actual conditions .
while joining the discussion meeting of jiangxi delegation , wen jiabao said that in order to push forward the strategic readjustment of the economic structure of agriculture and rural areas , it is imperative to master four principles : 1 ) to regard market as a guide .
in readjusting structure , it is necessary to respect the wishes of peasants and realistically ensure peasants ' land contracting rights as well as decision - making rights in production and management .
the tasks for cadres at all levels are strengthening policy guidance and scientific and technological direction , adopting measures suiting local conditions , and adroitly guiding actions according to circumstances .
they should never issue arbitrary orders nor give blind directions .
in conducting visits and inspections abroad and other foreign affairs activities , it is necessary to pay attention to promoting our own products and enterprises .
2 ) enterprises should have the guts and courage to " go out . "
it is necessary to have a correct analysis and understanding of the environments and conditions of foreign countries and learn how to correctly make good use of domestic and international markets .
after going out , it is necessary to attach importance to safeguarding our own image and reputation , because it has a bearing on the image and reputation of china .
3 ) it is necessary to have a whole set of coordinative laws and regulations .
and those outward going enterprises should also avoid malignant competition and killing each other , thus harming the interests of enterprises and the country .
wu yi emphasized that " introducing into " and " going out " are two mutually complementary aspects of our country 's reform and opening up .
wang zhongyu pointed out that party central committee and state council attach great importance to the work of xizang .
during a recent period , with its stress laid on its highway construction , gansu has speeded up its comprehensive construction of railways , airports , water conservancy , energy , gas pipeline , telecommunications , radio , and urban infrastructure .
by then , lanzhou , as the geographic center of china , will enjoy more convenient and fast links with its neighboring regions .
this shows that so long as we can tell the masses the gist of the central authorities ' instruction exactly as it is and successfully arouse the enthusiasm of the masses , we can surely put to an end once and for all the ecological problems left over by history .
if we can successfully seize the historical opportunity of exchanging grain for forests and grass and take the initiative to readjust the structure , it is totally possible for us to build gansu into a production base of forestry and animal husbandry .
along with the growth of a market economy , the formulation of a buyer 's market , and the development of the trend of an economic globalization , this structural contradiction has been fully exposed .
sun ying noted : gansu 's basic conditions have already undergone certain improvement , and what counts today is its soft environment , for there still exist many inadaptabilities in people 's ideological concepts , and in the province 's structure and mechanisms .
at present , basing our efforts in lanzhou , we are currently engaged in a number of reforms , including handling official affairs on a collective basis , simplifying formalities , and enhancing the affair - handling efficiency ; and such reforms will be gradually spread to every part of the province .
second , we have established a leading group for the autonomous region 's implementation of the strategy on a large - scale development of the western region , so as to strengthen the leadership , organization , and command over the region 's work of developing the western region .
sixth , we have worked out supporting policies for attracting the participation of able personnel , funds , and technology from other parts of the country and the world in the development and construction of inner mongolia .
this shows that the opportunity of building yunnan into a " province strong in a green economy , " and the opportunity of building up a " china biological valley " in yunnan , has already arrived .
china is making major review of laws and various departments ' regulations which are rather complicated and the number of such regulations exceed 900 . various departments are reviewing those regulations so as to avoid contradicting those of the wto .
the agreement was signed by chinese vice minister sun zhenyu of the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation , and colombian vice foreign trade minister angela maria orozco .
the accord would help expand bilateral trade and further promote the economic and trade relations between the two countries , said colombian foreign trade minister maria lucia ramirez de rincon after the signing ceremony .
on behalf of the committee on education , science , culture , public health and sports of the cppcc national committee , member xu guanhua said : we should fully understand the potential of china 's talents and the urgency of this issue .
at present , the extra heavy burden of students of middle and primary schools has become a social problem much concerned by people in the society .
he also suggested a series of specific measures to adjust the structure of education , reform the evaluation and examination system , raise the standard of education and improve the overall quality of teachers .
the fleet commander , who came from a grass - roots submarine commander background , was interviewed by reporters and said : to resolve the taiwan issue and realize the complete reunification of the motherland will manifest the fundamental interest of the chinese people , and it is the development trend of the chinese history .
the party central committee and the central military commission with comrade jiang zemin as the core made a series of important instructions on the taiwan issue with great foresight and by taking the overall situation into consideration .
premier zhu rongji , in his government work report , expounded again on the chinese government 's basic principle and stance in resolving the taiwan issue .
zhang wannian , vice chairman of the central military commission , in a group discussion also noted solemnly that our army would not tolerate and sit watching any attempts trying to split the motherland to prevail .
deputy zhao guojun held : the east china sea fleet , located along the southeast coast , is at the forefront of the military struggle against taiwan .
our armament has been conspicuously improved ; new armament has become combat - ready ; and the fleet 's capability of comprehensive operation has also been greatly boosted .
the us navy says its vessel - carried " aegis " air - defense system can detect any target in the air .
on that evening , the f-117 fighters attacked about 35 percent of the strategic targets .
they flew into the most risky zones and were exposed to risks over considerable time .
because of their characteristic of being invisible , f-117 fighters do not need all kinds of support and protection in the air as other visible airplanes do .
during the war , f-117 fighters flew 1,296 sorties , which accounted for 2 percent of the total sorties of the multinational troops , but 40 percent of the strategic targets in iraq were hit by f-117 fighters .
all of a sudden , f-117 fighters increased its status and one fabulous story after another was told about them .
nevertheless , facts were different from what the us air force said : no one is able to detect its f-117 fighters .
from their appearance during the us troops ' attack on panama in 1989 to being shot down in yugoslavia on 27 march 1999 , self - destruction of the f-117 fighters occurred on many occasions .
in 1995 and 1997 , two f-117 crashed in the process of training and another crashed at an aviation exposition .
it was only several days later that the us defense department was compelled to admit that one f-117 fighter had been downed .
such " wonderful " airplanes were unable to " display " their skills in the gulf war. besides , two of them crashed in the balkan region .
in the gulf war , another arms system that was always in the limelight was the " patriot " defense missile .
in a report on the gulf war , the us defense department pointed out : the " patriot " missiles were first used to shoot at airplanes . later the ground force modified it into an anti - strategic missile system .
according to the assessment of the us armed forces , the " patriot " missile companies provided valuable defense for the ports and airports of saudi arabia .
the defense department said the " patriot " missiles attained political success by excluding israel from the war and strengthening the confidence of the multinational troops .
such confidence was attributed to the " patriot " missiles as well as to a large number of news propagandists employed by the us armed forces .
by means of the media , the " patriot " missiles became famous air defense missiles in the world .
in the beginning , a report by the us armed forces said the " patriot " missiles successfully intercepted over 90 percent of iraq 's " scud " missiles .
the us - led multinational troops evidently made use of some weapons and equipment they had for psychological warfare to scare the iraqi military and people and to boost their own morale .
we have noticed that procuratorial organs last year deliberately stepped up lawsuit supervision and seriously investigated committing crimes by judicial personnel , which was the cause of judicial injustice . [ han ] you are right .
last year , procuratorial organs widely stepped up supervision over putting cases on file for investigations , trial of civil and administrative cases , execution of criminal punishment , and other legal actions .
what results have been achieved in carrying out these six reform measures over the last year ? [ han ] reform of procuratorial work has brought us not only innovations in the systems and mechanisms , but also progress in our understanding and perception of law enforcement .
a total of 168 prefectural and city procuratorates and 1,159 grass - roots procuratorates throughout the country have instituted the prosecuting procurator case handling responsibility system . by means of competition , we selected 3,689 prosecuting procurators .
procuratorial organs at all levels have continued to reform the cadres management system - - so far 2,332 procuratorates have implemented a system to promote intermediate - level leaders through competition and 2,086 procuratorates have the choice to pick their cadres , and vice versa .
in the central authorities ' structural reform spirit , the supreme people 's procuratorate adjusted its internal organs and currently is conducting investigations and studies on carrying out structural reform within the procuratorial establishment . [ reporter ] to supervise others , one first has to supervise himself .
i have held more than 10 meetings with npc deputies and cppcc national committee members to directly hear their suggestions and opinion .
the us state department recently trotted out a so - called appraisal report to make improper comments on the anti - drug efforts of some 20 countries .
following are the major reasons for mexico 's opposition to this appraisal report : the appraisal conducted by the united states constitutes the interference in other countries ' internal affairs as well as the infringement of other countries ' sovereignty .
the anti - drug campaign is an internal affair of a country , and that it should be launched with the country 's own actions . then , what right has the united states to dictate , from a high position , others to do this or not to do that ?
the mexican government has put in a colossal sum of money to crack down on drug - related crimes . last year , 1.607 billion mexico pesos ( approximately 9.2 peso amounts to 1 us dollar ) was put in this effort , and this year , the figure has increased to 4.267 billion pesos .
should someone do not obey its direction , it will use this big stick to threaten it or easily impose sanctions on it .
its purpose is to impose its will on other countries and force others to completely obey its directions .
the united states is fault - finding with other countries ' anti - drug campaign but carefully avoids mentioning the serious drug abuse problem existing in its own country .
in fact , the united states is the number one narcotics consuming state in the world , and it is precisely the united states that most needs to review the drug abuse problem .
why does n't the us government appraise its own anti - drug effort ?
failing in its own affair , what right has the united states to find fault with other countries ?
the crackdown on drug abuse needs international cooperation . however , this should be based on the respect to national sovereignty and peace .
among the several important issues which must be further studied and emphasized in resolving , the first issue is to emphasize pushing forward the construction of the ideology , organizations and working style .
this is an important issue in the reform , opening up and the construction of socialist modernization . this is also an issue highly emphasized by representatives and committee members at the third meeting of the ninth congress and the third meeting of the ninth cppcc .
now the number of our party members has hit 61 million .
some grass - roots party organizations have been slack , weak , at a standstill or almost at a standstill for a long time . they fail to play the role of fighting forces or political centers for the masses . what good can this kind of party organizations and their party members do ?
moreover , they will definitely affect the effect , reputation and image among the masses .
when we conduct construction of the party , we must focus on managing grass - roots party organizations and on educating each party member cadre in his thought , working style and organizational discipline .
plus , we must focus on these unyieldingly . our party is , in general , in an important period of replacing old cadres with young ones .
the trend of diversification in social components , economic components , organizational forms , material interests and hiring methods will further develop in the future .
under this kind of new historical condition , we face an extremely important and real task in the new period . this task is how we can from beginning to end preserve the situation that comrades of the whole party conform to the struggling goals and maintain and strengthen the firm and high unity .
these need further study and we must formulate a set of feasible policies and measures as soon as possible .
we must not only unremittingly focus on the construction of the working style and of a clean government as well as the anti - corruption struggle , but also continuously explore and establish some truly effective supervisory systems .
in some serious criminal cases which involved some leading cadres and were exposed in the past several years and recently , the seriousness of the crimes and the large quantity of money involved are astounding .
these leading cadres were shot by sugarcoated bullets of money and sex and made tradeoffs between money and their power and between sex and their power . they went so far as to being blinded by lust for gain , being audacious in the extreme and becoming absolutely lawless .
when analyzing these cases from the aspect of system , the largest problem is that we have not formed the most effective supervisory and management system .
emphasizing pushing forward the construction of the ideology , organizations and working style is related with the big picture and significant .
our causes success or failure , our security or danger and the happiness or misery is determined by the strength or weakness and prosperity or decline .
comrades of the entire party must , under the leadership of the party central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core , strive to build our party and make it more vigorous , united and rich in fighting power .
advanced cultures are the crystallization of the development of human civilization . they also provide spiritual motivation and intellectual support which promote the development of human society . they influence people 's spirit and souls and permeate all quarters of society .
advanced political parties represent not only the necessities of the development of advanced productive forces but also the development direction of advanced cultures .
only in this way can advanced political parties let material civilization and spiritual civilization develop in coordination and can they promote the comprehensive progress of society .
the quality , ability , and rise and decline of a political party , a country , or a nation is determined by whether or not they have advanced cultures and represent the development direction of advanced cultures .
advanced cultures include two components : ideological morality and scientific culture .
the reasons for communists being advanced include that communists have not only advanced ideological morality but also advanced scientific and cultural knowledge . the two parts complement each other and cannot be separated .
the culture of ideological morality decides the social nature of the whole culture , leads the development of the whole culture and promotes the progress of society , economy , and politics .
in the construction of ideology and culture , we must persist in treating marxism as our guide .
scientific and cultural knowledge is the basis of social civilization and the bridge for mankind 's progress .
we must establish a scientific spirit , master scientific methods , study scientific knowledge , eliminate ignorance , oppose feudalism and superstition , and comprehensively improve our quality of science and culture .
this move for purging the party of corruption and eliminating harm to the people is resolutely supported by the whole party and people .
the hu changqing case is an extremely serious case of economic crime which created an extremely bad impact in society because he was a senior cadre .
the investigation and handling of the hu changqing case shows that the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core is unswerving in being strict with party members , ruling the country according to law , and severely punishing corruption .
the higher their post and the greater their power , the more must they strictly discipline themselves .
in addition to setting strict demands on themselves , they must also strictly educate and manage their spouses , children , and colleagues .
the severe punishment of hu changqing according to law is an alert for the leading cadres , a warning for those who refuse to come to their senses , and an encouragement and stimulus for the masses .
on behalf of jiushan ( 3 september ) society member huang qixiang delivered a speech , which , called for the introduction of an intellectual property rights system and the promotion of fast - paced hi - tech industrial development .
member you qingquan delivered a speech in which he proposed : in order to push forward the organic integration of finance , science and technological education , and economics sectors , we must enlarge the financial investment for science and technological education , and reform investment structure .
member gu shengzu delivered a speech , stressing the need to practically lighten the excessively heavy homework burden on the part of students ; quicken the pace of turning examination - based education into quality education ; and mobilize the whole society to conduct comprehensive management through all sorts of channels .
member li yongan delivered a speech on behalf of all - china federation of trade unions , calling for bringing about a turn for the better in the rigorous situation of safe production and for safeguarding the rights and interests of staff and workers and promoting economic development .
member shi sihao delivered a speech on behalf of the central committee of taiwan democratic self - government league and all - china federation of taiwan compatriots , stressing : " one country , two systems " conforms with the fundamental interests of taiwan compatriots .
the implementation of the strategy of developing china 's western region has brought an unprecedented development opportunity to the country 's western region . how should the western region catch the time and seize the right moment to boost its development ?
some npc delegates and cppcc members have come out with good ideas and suggestions .
however , more investigation and study needs to be carefully conducted , and scientific and effective solutions need to be worked out , on such issues as how much subsidies we should extend to peasants who have returned their grain plots and how we can find more ways for peasants to increase their income .
meanwhile , we should integrate ecological projects with a rational operation of peasants , instead of simply ordering peasants to return their grain plots and stop felling trees .
government departments should think of more ways to create jobs for peasants , increase their income , and turn the protective operation of forests and meadows into a means for arousing the enthusiasm of peasants in the practice of returning their grain plots .
member liu yonghao : protection of the ecological environment is closely linked to the development of the economy .
relying on new and high technologies to make breakthroughs [ subhead ] delegate zhou houjian : innovation is the soul of progress for a nation , and should all the more be the soul of our large - scale development of china 's western region .
in recent years , there has been a feverish price war in china 's industry of home electrical appliances , causing a malignant competition in the industry .
in view that the conditions in some central cities in china 's central and western regions are no poorer than the conditions in india 's central region , accelerating the development of the software industry in china 's western region can be seen as a easier way to narrow the gap between the country 's eastern and western regions .
in comparison with the manufacturing industry , developing the software industry is a more ready approach for attracting major foreign corporations into china 's central and western regions .
delegate sun guoqiang : the development of new and advanced technologies should be fully integrated with both the realistic conditions and the market demands of the western region .
evaluating our advantage in resources from the angle of the world development trend delegate shi jun : people often say that the western region has a vast territory , abundant resources , and huge development potentialities .
advantage in resources can only be seen through the market ; therefore , if the market does not need your advantage , you cannot say that you enjoy an advantage .
member han yingxuan : we qinghai province enjoys four major resource advantages , namely salt lakes , gas , hydropower , and non - ferrous metals .
the meeting was held in a lively atmosphere , and the delegates took the floor one after another .
we will make continued efforts to readjust the industrial structure of old industrial bases in liaoning through such means as bankruptcy , merger , and technical transformation .
according to a briefing given by delegate liu jie from the angang group corporation , through transforming its operating mechanisms , strengthening its management , and conducing a technical transformation , the angang group corporation has made some improvement in its operation .
delegate lin zuoming believed that the work of establishing a modern enterprise system and reinforcing management is key to extricating large and medium state enterprises from their present difficulties .
delegate cheng gengdong suggested that the state should adopt relevant policies to help colleges and universities gear themselves to the demands of the market and readjust their structure of subjects taught in school , so that they can bring up more able personnel who are urgently needed by the country 's modernization building .
delegates gao yirong , zuo changlin , and wang dacao gave their respective views on such issues as extricating enterprises from their present difficulties , establishing a social security system , and maintaining the stability of the society .
after hearing the views of the delegates , zhu rongji also gave a speech to the meeting .
he pointed out : liaoning is an old industrial base where state enterprises are grouped in a relatively large number . over the past couple of years , you comrades have done a great deal of work . we should consolidate our achievements , sum up our experiences , and seize the right moment to attain further progress .
particularly , we should strengthen the ideological and political work among these workers , so as to ensure a sound stability in society .
beijing , 8 mar ( xinhua ) - - this morning , president jiang zemin showed up in the hong kong room of the great hall of the people to join the hong kong delegation of deputies in their deliberations .
" president jiang : if the two sides of the taiwan strait go to war , is it not internecine strife ? " a reporter asked loudly as soon as president jiang zemin had taken his seat .
" this phrase of yours is taken from the verse of cao zhi [ a poet in the wei dynasty ] , " jiang zemin said .
he then recited : " they were boiling beans over a fire made of beanstalks .
' we sprang from the selfsame root ' - - from one china . why should one promote taiwan independence ? "
jiang zemin 's reply won warm applause from the hong kong deputies and chinese and foreign correspondents present on the scene .
then , another reporter asked : are you afraid of interference by foreign forces on the taiwan issue ?
jiang zemin spread out his hands and said : " do you have to ask ?
of course , i am willing to go .
but how can i go when someone is promoting a ' two - state theory ' ? "
glancing around at the dozen or so cameras and television cameras and the crush of reporters in the hong kong room , jiang zemin said with a smile : " we are having a virtual news conference today . "
beijing , 8 mar ( xinhua ) - - the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] today continued group discussion of the government work report delivered by premier zhu rongji as well as the reports on the economic and social plan and the budget .
jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , li lanqing , and other central leading comrades separately joined delegations from macao , hong kong , xinjiang , liaoning , qinghai , and chongqing in the discussion .
responsible officials of relevant state council departments also went to various delegations to hear their views .
beijing , march 8 - - some of the deputies attending the third session of the ninth npc here believe that although wto access will bring pressure and challenge to china 's agriculture , what matters more is that it spells development opportunities .
the chinese government promises that after entering the wto , it will lower its tariffs on some agricultural products and guide and encourage foreign investment in agriculture .
china 's agriculture has achieved tremendous progress through more than 20 years of reform and opening up . it spite of its limited arable land , the problem of feeding 1.2 billion people has been resolved .
wto access and the further opening of the country will no doubt hasten the solution of this problem .
deputy mao daru anticipated that the merger of the chinese and international markets following china 's wto entry would accelerate the process of the marketization of agriculture and increase the export of vegetables , fruit , animal products and aquatic products for which china has a leading edge .
positive guidance by the government and more foreign investment in the agricultural sector will play an important part in this process .
vice minister of agriculture wan baorui said after the signing of the sino - u.s. agreement on the wto last year that following its wto access , china would further improve its policies and laws to attract more foreign funds , technologies and managerial experience into the agricultural sector .
china would also increase its input in agricultural infrastructure construction , make more intense efforts to engage in agricultural scientific research and promote practical technologies , and actively develop and import new varieties and technologies .
in fact , both public and private sectors have started their preparations for entry into the wto .
mao daru said : as china slowly merges with the international market , the explorations being made today are valuable and meaningful first steps whether or not they turn out to be successful .
li peng , member of the political bureau standing committee of the cpc central committee and chairman of the npc standing committee , came to the xinjiang hall in the great of the people this morning to join the xinjiang delegation in its discussion of the government work report .
he stressed : the people of all nationalities in xinjiang should strengthen national unity , seize the present new opportunity , and boost the economic development of the region .
taking the floor one after another , delegates of different nationalities from xinjiang conducted a thoroughgoing deliberation of the government work report .
li peng listened to the opinions of delegates carefully , and took notes from time to time .
he said : if xinjiang wants to attain great development , it has to vigorously develop its scientific and technological , as well as educational , undertakings .
to do this , we should mobilize all means to bring up and attract able personnel , and create a sound environment for the able personnel to show their ability and talent .
the central authorities should extend appropriate preferential treatments to xinjiang in terms of policy , with a view to supporting a number of dominating scientific research fields in xinjiang and to promoting both the scientific and technological development and the growth of able personnel in areas inhabited by minority nationalities .
he noted : we should treasure the present situation of stability and unity in xinjiang , and promote the unity and harmony among all nationalities ; and only in this way can we ensure a smooth implementation of the strategy of large - scale western development .
meanwhile , we should reinforce the building of infrastructure ; make readjustments to xinjiang 's economic structure , especially its agricultural structure ; explore and develop resources ; and improve the living standards of our people .
delegate amudong niyazi indicated in his speech that a sound policy environment is key to the success of a large - scale development of the western region .
delegate mamatmin yasheng gave his views on the issue of making readjustments to xinjiang 's agricultural structure ; while delegate guo minjie spoke on such issues as developing xinjiang 's railway transport facilities and promoting the state enterprise reform .
national unity is the core of " favorable human conditions " in xinjiang .
with these three favorable conditions , xinjiang can surely cut a striking figure in the large - scale development of the country 's western region .
xinjiang should continue to pay close attention to reinforcing its basic industries and infrastructure construction , stressed li peng .
only when xinjiang has a well - developed economy can it successfully consolidate national unity .
abdulahat abdurixit , chairman of the xinjiang uygur autonomous regional people 's government , also pointed out that the region plans to solve the problem of food and clothing for 300,000 people before the end of this year .
tong fu , member of the npc standing committee and vice chairman of the npc 's foreign affairs committee , said that this would be china 's important progress in human rights .
he emphatically pointed out that , in a developing country like china , we must first solve problems of the right of survival and the right of development .
tibet plans to make an unprecedented investment of six billion yuan to improve transportation , electric power and communications and speed up the pace of enriching the peasants and herdsmen and developing the economy .
toward those peasants with very low income , agricultural tax will be waived .
china started to implement the national plan to assist poor people in 1993 with a goal to solve the problem of food and clothing for 80 million people in rural areas within seven years .
he pointed out : in the wake of the continual practice of " one country , two systems " in hong kong and macao , our experiences will become more enriched with each passing day , and " one country , two systems " is sure to be practiced still better .
jiang zemin spoke after earnestly listening to the speeches of the hong kong deputies .
this achievement was not easily gained .
during this period hong kong has undergone a number of storms and encountered many difficulties .
jiang zemin emphasized that it is necessary to grasp " one country , two systems " as a complete concept .
in practicing " one country , two systems " it is necessary to keep unchanged the socialist system in the main body of the state and the capitalist system in the sars , and ensure that the sars exercise a high degree of autonomy in accordance with the basic law .
it is necessary to resolutely and consistently implement the things set down in the basic law ; this is the fundamental guarantee for maintaining hong kong 's long - term stability and prosperity .
i have said many times that the hong kong basic law is a nationwide law which must be observed by the whole country , not just hong kong .
everyone must support the work of the sar chief executive .
people in all walks of life in hong kong should strengthen unity on the basis of upholding the fundamental interests of the state and hong kong .
we must have confidence in this .
state council vice premier qian qichen and state council hong kong and macao affairs office director liao hui attended the meeting of the hong kong delegation today .
state president jiang zemin this morning [ 8 march ] attended a discussion meeting of the macao delegation attending the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] .
compatriots and people of various circles in macao should work with concerted efforts to turn the wish of people of the entire country for " a more magnificent macao tomorrow " into a reality .
at the meeting , deputies expressed their opinions one after another on the report on the work of the government .
deputy he yicheng , who is director and general manager of the macao hetian industrial company , ltd. , expressed his support to the central government 's strategy of massive development of china 's western region and put forward specific suggestions .
deputy wu shiming , who is chairman of the macao neighborhood affiliation , offered his suggestions on giving full play to the intermediary role of macao in developing cross - strait relations .
deputy yang yunzhong , who is a professor of the macao university , spoke on matters of implementing " one country , two systems " and ushering in a more magnificent future .
i wish to extend my heartfelt congratulations to you .
the overall situation in the past three months since macao 's return to the motherland has been good .
the work of the msar government has achieved an initial success .
jiang zemin emphatically said : the successful return of macao is the inevitable result of the motherland 's becoming strong and prosperous .
in the 50 years since the founding of new china , especially in more than 20 years since the beginning of reform and opening up , the cpc has led people of various nationalities in the whole country to advance the socialist cause and make great achievements which have attracted worldwide attention .
jiang zemin pointed out : in observing and evaluating the situation in macao , we think it is necessary to take hold of four basic things or , in other words , four " firm beliefs . "
therefore , we must firmly proceed from the actual conditions in macao and fully implement the policies of " one country , two systems " and " macao people administering macao " with a high degree of self - autonomy , and constantly sum up experiences in practice .
after the return of macao , public security has been improved significantly under the effective management of the msar government .
this has fully explained that the msar government is fully capable of improving public security .
the central government will give full support to the msar government 's efforts to improve public security .
the issue of macao 's public security is related to the vital interests of the broad masses of residents in macao , macao 's tourism and economic development in all fields , and macao 's international image .
we must properly solve this problem and truly turn macao into a peaceful and auspicious society .
vice premier of the state council qian qichen and head of the state council 's office for hong kong and macao affairs liao hui attended the macao delegation 's meeting today .
tang xinqiao , head of the macao delegation , presided over today 's discussion meeting .
zhou yongkan , together with xie shijie , chairman of the sichuan provincial people 's congress standing committee , and provincial governor zhang zhongwei , answered questions from chinese and foreign reporters at the taiwan hall of the great hall of the people on great development in china 's west .
a reporter asked what is the main objectives and measures sichuan will pursue in the great development of china 's west .
zhou yongkang said : sichuan 's population and gdp account for nearly one - third of the total of the 10 provinces , autonomous regions , and municipality in china 's west .
he said : through appropriately raising the speed of infrastructure construction , with five years ' efforts , the backward and insufficient conditions of transportation facilities in sichuan will be basically changed . such infrastructure facilities as water conservancy , electric power grids , gas supply networks , water transportation routes , and information networks will all be enhanced .
over more than 10 years in the past , sichuan absorbed and used $ 13.2 billion of foreign funds , and $ 6.7 billion was actually spent . more then 50 transnational companies have made investment or set up offices in sichuan .
zhou yongkang also answered other questions raised by chinese and foreign reporters .
commander ma said : the air force of china 's navy has thus far gradually developed from having only one type of aircraft right after its founding to having a relatively modernized comprehensive combat capacity equipped with many types of airplanes , relatively advanced function , and the offensive - defensive capacity .
it can also blockade the sea area , sea routes , and ports of the opponents and lay mines . the future development of the naval air force can be summarized as : optimizing structure , giving prominence to major aspects , intensifying training , and building a picked and combined unit .
when china avoided the heavy impact from the asian financial crisis , the renminbi non - convertibility was regarded as an important " firewall . "
however , during the market management , whenever a large number of illegal purchase of foreign exchanges or illegal remittance of foreign exchanges are likely , the authorities will tighten the management , creating tedious formalities and causing conveniences .
this is mainly because the renminbi capital accounts have not yet been decontrolled . to differentiate the two different types of accounts , many additional stipulations are set to ensure that the foreign exchanges from the renminbi capital accounts remain under a strict control .
he believes that accession to the wto will be a rare great opportunity to china and the connection between china and international market will be even more closer .
according to the sino - us agreement , after china joins the wto , china 's various economic departments must open to the outside world between two to five years to conform to the international norm of market economy . to meet this requirement , decontrolling the renminbi capital accounts is inevitable .
we should relax restrictions on the proportion of foreign companies ' technology transfer and domestic sales and on the proportion of their investment in certain sectors , and encourage foreign companies to invest in agriculture , infrastructure , the environmental protection industry , and hi - tech industries .
as everyone knows , for china to open up to the world in the fields of commerce , foreign trade , finance , insurance , securities , telecommunications , tourism , and intermediary services is a matter of great caution .
during the sino - us negotiations on wto entry , there was protracted argument over the process of opening up these sectors .
he pointed out that this year china will further improve its investment environment and expand the methods and sectors for using foreign investment .
it will relax restrictions on the sectors and areas where foreign companies can invest and on technology transfer , technology content , foreign exchange balance , and foreign investment proportions .
at the same time , the deputies and members attending the " two sessions " in beijing have submitted motions ; in particular , the greatest concern has been shown for opening up telecommunications , over which there has been controversy in opening up and in the wto entry negotiations .
central connecticut state university started to establish exchange and cooperation with a number of schools of higher learning in china since 1972 . in 1996 , the university set up a china resources management center to help china train specialists in economic , financial , education and other fields .
the provinces will make careful arrangements so that their speakers can directly reflect their problems and make suggestions to the central authorities in order to get help .
when xian mayor feng xuchu [ 7458 3563 0443 ] suggested building a hi - tech securities exchange in xian , wen jiabao interrupted his speech by saying : " i would also like to make a suggestion . "
the average cost of over - the - counter transaction is $ 1.07 , that of telephone transaction is $ 0.52 , and that of electronic teller machines is $ 0.27 , but it only costs $ 0.01 per transaction on the internet .
i suggest that xian should study and work out its strategy for the development of information industry . the earlier it starts , the earlier it can reap the benefits .
shaanxi should make use of its own leading edge in science and technology . you have the conditions .
listening , jotting down notes , and raising questions are wen jiabao 's " trilogy " at these meetings .
the third was that the village party branch secretaries who accompanied me on the inspection were wearing patched garments .
the development of the western region was the hottest topic under discussion by members of the two npc delegations .
on the question of developing qinghai through science and technology , they analyzed the situation in province 's reform and development in science and education and put forward suggestions .
deputies he guoqiang , xiao yunhui , chen guofen , chen wanzhi , chen wanli , chen shanghua , and xu zhiqin , as well as mayor bao xuding of chongqing municipality who attended the meeting as an observer , spoke successively at the meeting .
at the two meetings , deputies tried to get the floor before others , and the atmosphere was very lively .
li lanqing expressed his views at the two meetings .
he said : the policy decision of the party central committee and the state council on the strategy for the development of the western region has received support from the whole nation .
the development of science and technology should start off first in the development of the western region , and multiple measures should be taken to train , retain , and attract qualified personnel from home and abroad and to bring their role into full play .
in education , special efforts should be made to do a good job in elementary education and in fulfilling the targets of making nine - year compulsory education universal and wiping out illiteracy among the young people and those in the prime of their life .
during the meeting , li peng cordially shook hands with macao npc deputies .
t ' ang hsing - ch ' iao , head of the delegation , made an introduction of the delegates and then invited delegates to express their opinions .
deputies huang feng - hwa , yang hsiu - wen , and li ch ' eng - jun , talked about how they felt about the session .
li peng held : i am very happy to call on you deputies , especially in the macao hall of the great hall of the people .
he added , after macao 's return , macao compatriots elected through voting the deputies of macao special administrative region [ sar ] to the npc . the election was a success , and embodied the principle of opening , justice , fair , and honesty .
it spelled out the fact that under the principle of " one country , two systems , " chinese citizens in macao enjoy the right of administering the state affair according to the law . this is an unprecedented experience for macao .
he noted : since the establishment of the macao sar , the principle of " one country , two systems " and the basic law for macao sar has been thoroughly implemented , and all the work of the sar has been smoothly operated .
we believe that with the backup of the great motherland and the 1.2 billion people , macao compatriots will do a good job in running macao , and will also be able to maintain macao 's long - term prosperity and development .
we are full of confidence to macao 's future .
li peng held , in line with the principle of " one country , two systems " and the stipulations of the basic law , macao 's deputies to the npc participated in the exercising of the state 's power and fulfill the deputies ' obligation in observance of the constitution and the law .
the deputies of macao to the npc should continue to carry forth the glorious tradition of loving the country and macao , and make contributions to the maintenance of macao 's long - term stability and development .
accompanying chairman li peng to call on macao sar deputies were cheng siwei , vice chairman of the npc standing committee and secretary general he chunlin .
answering questions raised by reporters of agence france - presse and a norwegian television station , abulahat said : xinjiang currently enjoys social stability , national unity , and economic development .
this is not a nationalities nor a religious issue . rather , it is an issue of splitting the country .
the so - called " independent activities " they carry out under the banners of nationality and religion have won no popular support and therefore have been cast aside by the people of various nationalities in xinjiang and smashed every time .
therefore , the struggle between splittism and antisplittism is a long - term one in xinjiang .
people of various nationalities in xinjiang wholeheartedly welcome other provinces and municipalities to work hand - in - hand with xinjiang and participate and support xinjiang 's large - scale development .
xinjiang 's large - scale development , which is bound to result in rapid economic development and improved living standards in xinjiang , will only further consolidate national unity .
leading comrades of the cpc central committee , national people 's congress [ npc ] standing committee , and state council , separately joined npc delegations from guangdong , shandong , gansu , shaanxi , beijing , guizhou , hainan , anhui , shanghai , tianjin , and yunnan , in discussing premier zhu rongji 's government work report .
these leading comrades were li tieying , wu bangguo , wu guanzheng , jia qinglin , huang ju , wen jiabao , wu yi , zhou guangzhao , and wang zhongyu .
li tieying said : the state council attaches great importance to the constructive and theoretical role of philosophy and social sciences .
last year , china 's social sciences circle scored notable achievements - - 53 subjects of study were given state - level awards .
li tieying pointed out : social sciences should go deep in exploring the important theoretical and practical issues concerning building socialism with chinese characteristics , and in studying important strategic issues brought about by the new situation and changes .
in practice , we should actively explore for and gradually build laws in line with social sciences development and a modern system of social sciences institutes that parallels the socialist market economic system .
support of governmental departments at all levels for social sciences research units should be reflected in presenting research subjects , assigning research tasks , increasing research units ' responsibility , and creating necessary conditions , so that they can achieve more research results to ensure that local economic and social development is sustained , rapid , and healthy .
over the first two months of this year , the country 's economic situation was not bad and all targets were better attained than the same period of last year . however , we should soberly perceive the existing problems .
inadequate effective demand and contradictions resulting from the unreasonable economic structure are still very prominent , and no new consumption hot spots are on the horizon . problems in our economic life accumulated over the years have all cropped up and the international market still has many uncertain factors - - we should place adequate importance on these problems .
he stressed that this year 's difficulties should be more adequately taken into consideration , that we must not be ideologically slack or numb , and that all work should be done in a better and down - to - earth manner .
he stressed : carrying out the great development of the western region also will provide a rare opportunity for beijing 's economic and social development .
the western region is vast , has rich resources , is a huge market , and has huge potential .
while greater efforts are made to implement the project to protect natural forests resources , we should return farmlands to forests and grasslands in ecologically fragile areas in a systematic and planned manner .
( by reporter han zhenjun ) wu yi points out that the western region should have greater consciousness in opening up ( subhead ) deputy wu yi , alternate member of the cpc central committee political bureau and state councilor , separately took part in the discussions of the guizhou and hainan delegations .
during her discussion with the guizhou delegation , wu yi pointed out that the western region should have greater consciousness in opening up , boost development making use of opening up , and broaden the scope of opening up taking advantage of great development .
in discussing the government work report with the hainan delegation , wu yi said : hainan should make use of the preferential policy for the special economic zone and its unique geographical location to accelerate development of an economy with local characteristics .
as long as we implement in a down - to - earth manner the relevant principle guidelines , policy , and various plans decided by the party central committee , and truly improve enterprise management , the targets of reforming state - owned enterprises and enabling them to free themselves from difficulties can completely be attained .
the state 's macroeconomic regulation and control policy eventually should be implemented at enterprises and should serve its purpose by means of enterprises . if enterprise management lags behind , it will be difficult for the policy and measures , however good they are , to yield good results .
the western region is vast in territory and rich in resources , and enjoys huge market and development potentials .
( by reporter sun jie [ 1327 2638 ] )
this morning , after the official announcement was made about the execution of hu changqing , our reporters fanned out to do interviews at places where the npc deputies and cppcc members are stationed .
upon hearing the news , many of them applauded with satisfaction .
in the evening , they all watched tv news on hu changqing 's execution and got the details about the hu changqing case through the " focal interview " program of the central television station .
zhang xusheng , npc deputy and board chairman of the yijianmei [ 0001 0477 2734 ] group company in jiangsu , said : " we must make arrests in carrying out anti - corruption work .
at the same time , he pointed out , it is also necessary to start with the system in order to solve the corruption problem once and for all . otherwise , when you arrest someone today , another one or even more than one will emerge tomorrow .
zhou yaoting , npc deputy and board chairman of the hongdou [ 4767 6258 ] group , said severe punishment must be meted out in a corruption case , which has been the practice against a corrupt official in the past or present , in china or anywhere else in the world .
moreover , everybody is equal before the law . anyone committing a crime must be severely punished , no matter how high or low a position he holds .
member hsu ssu - ming and director of hong kong " ching pao " monthly magazine said in a written statement that it is necessary to establish and perfect a framework for strict rule by law and punish the corrupt who are a bane to the country .
only by doing so will there be the guarantee that all public servants are clean and honest and always in an unassailable position .
to prevent crime at one 's official post is the fundamental approach to suppressing and cutting down corruptive practices by state organ functionaries . it is also a new task of the new period 's campaign against corruption and for honest government .
beijing , 8 mar (zxs) - - while examining the government work report with deputies of the national people 's congress [ npc ] from shaanxi today , vice premier wen jiabao said : in developing the country 's vast western region , we need new thinking .
shaanxi also needs new thinking in carrying out this project . wen jiabao said : we do not have any experiences in carrying the development of the country 's vast western region .
wen jiabao said : the construction of infrastructural facilities represents the foundation of the country 's vast western region . shaanxi should give the construction of water conservancy projects the highest priority in its work . water resources represent an important factor in social development in shaanxi .
water resources are also an important factor for the improvement of agricultural and ecological condition in shaanxi . creating a better ecological environment represents a fundamental part in the development of the country 's vast western region . shaanxi should focus on a comprehensive project to prevent soil erosion .
he said : over the past five years , china enjoy sufficient water supply , without consecutive large - scale droughts . but we should be clearly aware of the fact that our agricultural industry is poor in resisting natural disasters .
he also suggested that shaanxi should utilize modern technologies to upgrade its traditional industry . shaanxi should develop its high and new technological industry and tourism .
people in fujian and people on taiwan are related by blood , share similar customs , and use the same language .
fujian needs to comprehensively develop relations with taiwan and promote the early realization of the " three links . "
since the establishment of npc , the npc standing committee work reports have been delivered by the vice chairman of the npc standing committee .
during the " cultural revolution " period , the country 's political life was in a chaotic state and the npc work was in an abnormal situation . during this period , the npc standing committee did not report its work to the congress sessions .
after the third session of the 11 th cpc central committee , the npc work was gradually standardized and institutionalized .
at the second session of the fifth npc held in 1979 , the npc standing committee resumed delivering work report to the congress session , but it was still delivered in the form of a written report .
from the third session of the fifth npc in 1980 to the second session of the ninth npc in 1999 , the work reports of the npc standing committee were delivered by the vice chairmen .
on 21 february this year , the chairmanship meeting adopted the deputies ' suggestion of making chairman li peng deliver the npc standing committee report to the third session of the ninth npc .
this was approved by the 14 th standing committee meeting of the ninth npc .
as learned by this reporter , many deputies believed that this is a new scene in the work of the people 's congress , having a positive significance in promoting the building of the people 's congress system .
beijing , 9 mar ( xinhua ) - - the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] held its third meeting this morning to hear the work report of the standing committee of the npc and the explanation of the draft law on legislation .
party and state leaders jiang zemin , zhu rongji , li ruihuan , hu jintao , wei jianxing , and li lanqing attended the meeting .
bu he , executive chairman of the npc session and executive member of the presidium of the npc session , chaired the meeting .
it is the first time in the npc 's history that the chairman has delivered the work report of the npc standing committee .
all the previous work reports were delivered by the vice chairmen .
the party being the " representative of three aspects " has been determined by our party 's character and guidelines .
as the loyal representative of the people of various nationalities in china , our party must embody the selfless character of the working class .
apart from the people 's interests , our party has no other interests to pursue .
comrades in the entire party must always uphold the principle of wholeheartedly serving the people and make selfless contributions to materializing , developing , and safeguarding the people 's interests .
historical experience suggests that the party being the " representative of three aspects " is the foundation of the party , the origin of our strength , and the basis of our lives .
in the economic field , the process of globalization has speeded up , knowledge economy has rapidly emerged , and the competition of comprehensive national strength has become increasingly acute , focusing on carrying out innovations by means of knowledge , blazing new trails with science and technology , and building high - tech industries .
these major and in - depth changes provide us with development opportunities and also pose challenges and tests for our party .
through 20 - odd years of reform and opening up , china has made tremendous achievements in economic and social development and the people 's standard of living has also markedly improved .
in present - day china , no achievements can be made at all without the leadership of the party and the socialist road .
we should profoundly understand that as science and technology are rapidly developing today , there still a big gap between the level of china 's social productive forces and that of developed countries . remaining pleased with small - scale prosperity and small - scale progress is not the ideological realm and breadth of vision of communist party members .
to be the " representative of three aspects , " the party 's leading cadres have to meet new and higher demands .
whether the " three requirements " can be put into effect is , in a sense , whether the cpc central committee 's requirements can be met and whether a high - quality cadres contingent can be formed .
representatives from the dprk and the united states held official talks in new york on 8 march to prepare for a us visit by high - ranking dprk officials and a high - level bilateral meeting to be held next month in washington .
the talks took place on the premises of the us permanent mission to the united nations .
before the talks , neither yi in - kyu , chief of the dprk mission and vice minister of foreign affairs , nor his us counterpart , charles kartman , us deputy assistant secretary of state , gave details of the meeting to reporters waiting outside the venue .
it was reported that both the dprk and the united states had made preparations for several months for senior dprk officials ' visit to the united states . however , the two sides still have to discuss the date for the visit and other details .
if senior dprk officials can visit the united states as planned , it will be in response to a visit to the dprk last may by former us defense secretary perry .
deputy jia qinglin said : in recent years , the agricultural and rural work in beijing municipality 's suburbs has been full of vitality , and a new situation has been brought about in this regard .
the main signs are : the party 's basic rural policies have been implemented , the work of extending land contracts has been proceeding smoothly , the status of peasants as principal investors and operators has been established , and the peasants ' enthusiasm has reached an all - time high .
breakthroughs have been made in the reform of the system of property rights , a multiple investment system has initially taken shape , and the rural economy under public ownership has been fresh with vitality .
the rural economy is healthily developing , and six kinds of agriculture - - quality - product , seed , facilities - required , foreign exchange - earning , processing , and tourism agriculture - - are developing rapidly , and agriculture as the foundation of the economy has been consolidated .
village and town enterprises have extricated themselves from difficulties through reorganization and restructuring , and they are playing a more important role as pillars .
peasants ' incomes noticeably and quickly increased to percent [ no percentage figure - - as received ] last year , reaching the highest level in recent years .
agricultural and rural development in beijing 's suburbs is giving birth to a quality leap forward .
town construction is lagging behind , which restricts economic and social development .
development has been made to some extent in recent years , but , overall , the level of town construction in beijing 's suburbs is not high enough , which lags behind its level of economic development and the requirements of social development .
in the face of the new situation in the development of the rural economy in beijing 's suburbs , what measures should beijing take with regard to its agricultural and rural work at present and for some time to come ?
deputy jia qinglin pointed out : first , vigorous efforts should be made to carry out strategic economic restructuring .
the basic way out for beijing 's suburbs lies in making vigorous efforts to promote the development of secondary and tertiary industries .
we should vigorously optimize the agricultural structure , raise the proportion of animal husbandry and cash crops in agriculture , develop special crop farming and aquaculture , and gradually build beijing 's suburbs into centers for the production of special products and green foods .
in the course of structural readjustment , efforts should be made to increase scientific and technological content by a big margin .
we should innovate in the science and technology management system , apply market forces to combining science and technology with the development of the rural economy , and let more scientists and technicians walk out of their big offices and go to the suburbs to engage in scientific and technological development or technological popularization .
we also should make vigorous efforts to improve peasants ' cultural knowledge and their scientific and technological level , to arouse their strong thirst for scientific and technological knowledge , and to make it possible for them to have an ability to use science and technology .
we should further establish the status of household operation and arouse peasants ' long - term enthusiasm .
in this regard , we should implement the party 's rural economic policies to enable peasants to conscientiously and voluntarily take the initiative in making structural readjustment .
second , we should make vigorous efforts to step up town construction .
town construction is an important measure for beijing 's suburbs to reach the level of a moderately developed country in agricultural and rural modernization , and it is also a very arduous task to carry out . 1 .
planning should be done before everything else .
planning will decide on the direction , layout , scale , and functions of town construction and on a series of other questions , which is the first thing to be done .
attention should be focused on forming a rational system of towns and the distribution of villages , which should be conducive to the distribution of industries and population .
once planning is determined , it must be carried out in earnest and without any willful changes so as to ensure the sustained and healthy development of town construction . 2 .
a rational industrial structure and solid economic strength constitute an important foundation for the existence and development of towns as well as their basic conditions for forming their strong stimulating ability and for bringing along economic and social development in their areas .
we should pay close attention to environmental construction and make sustainable development .
in areas where conditions permit , advance arrangements should be in this regard , and room should be left for long - term development .
a - bu - du - re - he - man ai - li , who has no party affiliation , graduated from the beijing teachers college in the 1960 , and in his own words , he is an minority cadre who is the product of more than 50 years of education by the party .
beijing , 9 mar - a draft legislative law designed to standardize legislative activities and safeguard uniformity of the state 's legal system was submitted today for deliberation by the third plenary session of the national people 's congress [ npc ] being held here .
the draft legislative law had been deliberated twice earlier by the npcsc .
it is the only bill on law submitted for deliberation by the current npc session .
the current practice of having the npc and its standing committee authorize the state council to legislate is reserved in the draft law .
with regard to legislation procedure , the draft law stipulates that in general the system of three deliberations shall be practiced by the npcsc in reviewing a bill of law .
ltd. , the kunming machine tools company , shenzhen express , the shanghai industrial company , and yanzhou mining corporation , and other government departments and large state - owned enterprises are the clients of this accountant agency .
this wednesday , through public bidding , this accountant agency signed a cooperative contract with china 's ministry of finance on providing consulting service for the finance ministry to reformulate the accounting rules .
the world bank has granted loans to china to support this project .
at the signing ceremony , vice minister of finance zhang youcai , said : the reform of the accounting system has played an important role in china 's accession to the wto and enabling the chinese economy to march towards the world .
ganbowen [ name as transliterated ] , administrative general director of the deqin accountant agency of asian and african regions , said : the participation in this project shows again that this accountant agency has worked to keep its commitment of developing long - term cooperation with the chinese government .
the npc received delegations send by over 50 countries to china last year , li peng said .
through visits to china , the parliamentary figures of a number of countries had a better idea of china , dispelled their misunderstanding , and increased common understanding .
li peng said : this year , the npc standing committee will inspect the way the organic law of urban neighborhood committees , the land management law , the law on town and township enterprises , and the criminal procedure law are implemented .
it is necessary to further improve the way we conduct inspections by doing away with pomp and circumstance , by going down to the grass - roots level and among the masses , and by stressing practical results and guarding against formalism .
if necessary , we may publish in the news media typical cases of illegal acts found during the course of inspecting law enforcement , so that the broad masses of the people can exercise supervision .
li peng said : all this is aimed at supervising public finance in accordance with the law , at opposing waste and corruption , and at bringing into play the role of public finance in promoting reform and development and in maintaining social stability .
li peng said : the npc standing committee should follow and uphold the principle of the party 's leadership in exercising supervision over judicial and procuratorial work , the principle of not exercising judicial and procuratorial powers by proxy , and the principle of collectively performing supervisory functions .
the purpose of exercising supervision is to spur judicial organs to activate their internal monitoring mechanisms , and to urge judicial and procuratorial organs to handle cases in accordance with the law and administer justice fairly and to support them in this respect .
li peng also called for earnestly examining and entering into official records statutes , regulations on autonomy , and special regulations in accordance with the provisions of relevant laws .
he pointed out that falungong is a cult , and the central authorities acted correctly in deciding to ban it .
jiang zemin went to the hong kong room in the great hall of the people this morning to attend a discussion meeting of the hong kong delegation . shi zhihui , one of the delegates [ from hong kong precious lotus monastery ] , spoke on the falungong issue .
he said that he himself is a buddhist monk and sympathizes with the " falungong " followers ; because their souls were empty , they mistakenly fell into perplexity and erroneously thought that by practicing " falungong " they would toughen their bodies , but that was not at all the case .
after shi zhihui spoke , jiang zemin introduced in detail the origin and development of the central government 's decision on banning " falungong " ; he spoke for about 30 minutes .
he said that when " falungong " followers besieged zhongnanhai last 25 april , he drove around zhongnanhai in a jeep to have a look , and also bought relevant books to find out about things .
master hong yi 's original name was li xutong , and he was famed for poetry , writing , and painting .
master hong yi later passed away in quanzhou , fujian .
jiang zemin said he went to quanzhou once , since he wanted to see the place where master hong yi passed away .
jiang zemin accused " falungong " of being a cult like japan 's aum shinrikyo .
this friend was originally the chief accountant at the changchun automobile plant , but refused to see a doctor when she contracted heart disease , saying that li hongzhi had called her up to heaven ; in the end her family broke up .
publishing houses in the interior have produced many books about " falungong , " and in addition the reading materials produced for youngsters by certain publishing houses are of poor quality and do harm to the next generation .
president jiang said , " in certain areas , therefore , china has too much freedom [ preceding three words published in english ] because of lack of controls . "
more than 1,000 people in china have died because of their superstitious belief in " falungong . "
jiang zemin told him that the situation in china is that these people are mentally normal and they only became abnormal after believing in li hongzhi 's " falungong . "
when the world trade organization meeting was held in seattle last year , the meeting eventually could not go on because of being besieged by demonstrators .
as a result , the united states used tear gas
in a recent meeting with the sar chief executive edmund ho , qian qichen also stated that it was up to the macao sar government to decide on the matter of the renewal of gambling contract .
beijing , 8 march - - at a panel discussion held today by the hong kong delegation to the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] , state president jiang zemin talked about the issue of how to comprehend " one country , two systems . "
some have quoted " river water not interfering with well water " only whereas others have quoted " well water not interfering with river water " only . as a matter of fact , these two sentences should be quoted together so as to form an integral concept . please do not take what you need only .
ma li also quoted president jiang as saying : since the basic law is a national law , the hinterland shall abide by the basic law , including the central government and various provinces , municipalities , and autonomous regions , which shall also handle matters in accordance with the basic law .
according to ma li , president jiang also said : in order to enforce and implement the basic law in the hong kong sar , someone has to take the lead .
should such a situation come up , the central authorities shall deal with it in accordance with the provisions of the basic law .
financial secretary donald tsang yesterday submitted a fiscal budget entitled " the 2000 - 01 budget - - scaling new heights " with an eye on reducing spending and enhancing efficiency ; pushing forward hong kong 's continued economic recovery ; and providing hong kong 's economic growth with stronger reserve strength .
it is a fiscal budget with great foresight .
insofar as international experiences are concerned , the united states began to reduce spending , enhance efficiency , increase scientific and technological investment , and consolidate its foundation and reinforce its internal strength in the 1990 s and has attained excellent results .
however , japan has chosen to raise taxes without reducing public spending with the result that the japanese economy has stagnated .
as the hong kong economy has just seen a momentum of recovery , the momentum of recovery would most likely be killed if taxes were to be raised .
the decision on not raising taxes will help disclose whether the current fiscal deficit is a structural one or one caused by an economic cycle .
the decision has not only won public support but will , also enable the financial policy aimed at " benefiting the public and surmounting difficulties , " which has been implemented over the past two years , to bring into play its reserve strength and generate a concrete effect in promoting economic recovery .
after enduring the financial storm over the past two years , quite a few residents have sustained such blows as salary cuts or lay - offs . however , they have carried forward the spirit of working hard despite hardships and accepted the challenge from a new century marked by knowledge economy .
this shows that in a scientifically and technologically developed society marked by knowledge , the entire workforce stands to gain as long as the economy remains vibrant and consumption continues to grow .
now that hong kong 's revenue from land sales and stamp duty has been restored to the level of 1997 , the fiscal deficit is in fact the result of a rise in cost prices of public undertakings and a sharp rise in welfare spending .
this situation calls for redoubled efforts to " cut spending . "
one year ago , the government mapped out a civil service structural reform plan , which has helped cut spending .
the 1999 fiscal deficit went down by a large margin thanks in part to some hkd10.7 billion of spending " cut " by the government .
the fiscal budget proposed that a significant amount of public funds and resources " thus saved " be allocated to tide three groups of people over their difficulties .
as for the first group of people , namely , the young people who have just left schools and have since remained jobless , the government plans to provide them with vocational training .
as for the second group of people , namely , middle - aged people who have lost their jobs during economic transformation , the government plans to not only take care of their livelihood , but also help them master new technology and knowledge for " making a living . "
the residents have seen that " spending cut " has lowered the cost of public undertakings without sacrificing their service quality and increased the funds for negotiating public difficulties .
by recruiting qualified personnel from the public and reinforcing its professional contingent , the government is bound to drastically alter its way of thinking , way of doing things , and service quality and this will give a forceful impetus to hong kong 's robust economic recovery and help turn hong kong into an international commercial metropolis .
amudun niyaz said : rebiya is suspected of providing intelligence to foreign countries , sabotaging national unity , subverting the government and endangering state security , and now the evidences are conclusive .
no similar incident of violence has occurred recently . there have been only such activities as distributing leaflets and writing letters of threat , but they were immediately reported to the authorities by the masses .
the activities of a handful of splittists cannot affect the large - scale development of the western region , nor can they affect xinjiang 's economic development .
amudun niyaz believes that if xinjiang is to participate in the large - scale development of the western region , it has to import technology and hire specialized personnel from outside xinjiang and its population may somewhat increase .
to represent the demand for developing advanced productive forces , to represent the advancing direction of progressive culture , and to represent the fundamental interests of the majority of the people , these three are a closely linked and dialectically unified whole .
the grasp of power , ruling , reform , opening up , and emancipating and developing the productive forces are all done for the people .
this has also become the life of chinese communists , and it is where their strength lies .
the power in our hands can only be used to serve the people . it cannot be used to seek private gain or for the interests of a group , a small group , or the minority .
doing everything for the people and relying on the people for everything are two important aspects of representing and realizing the fundamental interests of the people ; they cannot be separated .
this requires that the lines and policies we formulate and all the deeds we perform be in keeping with the laws of science and subjective reality , and in keeping with the fundamental interests of the majority of the people .
the situation of commodity shortages , which existed a long time in china , have already fundamentally changed . this is a tremendous achievement .
it has become the urgent task now to conduct in - depth studies and quickly solve the problem concerned with adjusting economic structure .
if this task is not quickly accomplished , we will lose the initiative in future intensive international competition .
in this adjustment we must pay special attention to the role of the market in resource distribution and on no account go back to the old methods and old models of a planned economy .
with an increasingly intensified global market competition , in order to strengthen china 's economic development potential and guarantee long - term development , we must rely on the progress of science , technology and innovation .
we must aggressively push forward the building of a national innovation system in technology , especially strengthening innovation in the basic and key fields of high and new - technologies . we must accelerate the development and application of high - tech industries , especially new industries with strategic significance , and actively cultivate new economic growth points .
at the same time , we must accelerate the turning of science and technological research into actual productive forces .
we have already established a multiform distribution system , with distribution according to labor as the main form . and pot phenomena in distribution have been greatly overcome .
in solving income distribution problems , we must adhere to a system of allowing different forms to co - exist while having distribution according to labor as the main form .
on the one hand , we must adhere to the priority of efficiency while giving consideration to fairness . this is good for optimizing resource distribution , can promote economic development , and maintain social stability .
on the other hand , with the development of the economy , we must continuously improve the life of the broad masses of workers , farmers , intellectuals , and cadres , and gradually get rich together .
china is a large agricultural country . we must always pay attention to strengthening and consolidating the fundamental position of agriculture .
we must continue to stabilize the party 's rural policy , and emphasize the adjustment of agricultural and rural economic structure .
at the same time we must strengthen the building of rural infrastructure and improve production conditions in agriculture and the ecological environment .
in facing the trend toward economic globalization , we must take part actively and be clever in protecting ourselves , and strive to turn unfavorable factors into favorable ones .
we must fully understand the opportunities and challenges facing china 's economy after china joins the wto , take active measures so that we can grasp the opportunities and use them , and welcome the challenges and win them .
he also said that if taiwan pursues " independence , " this will mean " what need each the other fry , " because the compatriots on both sides of the strait are " sprung from the same stalk . "
before the discussions started , he specifically answered reporters ' questions on the motherland reunification issue .
jiang zemin : " the beacons blaze for three moons , a letter from home is worth ten thousand pieces of gold . " are you quoting from du fu 's poem ?
reporter : president jiang , this is the first time that a macao delegation has come to beijing for the two sessions , is this of important significance ?
reporter : if cross - strait war indeed breaks out , will this not be a case of " what need each the other fry ? "
jiang zemin : fortunately i like poetry , you are probably quoting from a poem of cao zhi : " beans in flame that beanstalks feed , out from the pan cry , ' sprung from the same stalk , what need each the other fry ? ' "
" sprung from the same stalk " means from one china , so why do they need to pursue taiwan independence ? ( applause ) reporter : are you afraid of foreign intervention ?
jiang zemin : i am an optimist , i believe that we will ultimately reunify this great chinese nation .
reporter : are you afraid of foreign intervention then ?
jiang zemin : are you saying that we should rely on foreign pressure to achieve reunification ?
reporter : i am asking if you are afraid of foreign intervention ?
jiang zemin : what did you say , i could not hear .
if i go on talking i will be affecting your ( hong kong delegation ) discussion , and it will also be turning into a news conference .
reporter : do you hope to go to taiwan ?
jiang zemin : naturally i hope to go .
reporter : when ?
jiang zemin : that depends on the circumstances , do you think i could go in these ( today 's ) circumstances ?
effectively reducing the excessive schoolwork burden on primary and middle school students is a need in training high - quality modern personnel .
having the courage to bring order out of chaos , china 's educational front has restored the college entrance examination system and graduate student system since the third plenary session of the 11 th party central committee , thus bringing up group after group of outstanding personnel for china 's modernization drive .
following continuous social development , however , the original system and methods for education have become increasingly incompatible with the requirements of the modernization drive , and the examination - oriented education is met with an increasingly narrow path .
educational management departments , schools , and teachers hold the key to reducing the burden but not the quality .
good teachers are able to make thick books " thin " in their teaching , but bad teachers make thin books " thick . "
the large numbers of teaching and administrative staff on the educational front have worked hard and brought up group after group of outstanding personnel for developing the motherland over a long period of time , thanks to the guidance of the party 's educational policy .
comrades from many educational management departments and schools said that not only primary and middle school students , but also the government and the parents should " reduce the burden , " and the entire society should create a good atmosphere for " reducing the burden . "
what we want to reduce is the excessive and unnecessary burden on students . we do not mean that students should not have any schoolwork burden .
" studying hard for the tomorrow of the motherland " should become the conscious deed of every student who has lofty ideals and ambitions .
reducing the excessive schoolwork burden on primary and middle school student never means to reduce and cancel the necessary tests and examinations .
the various effective methods to inspect students ' academic study and to examine and assess their mastery of knowledge remain effective and necessary .
the world is entering an era of knowledge economy and economic globalization . the party central committee has established the principle of rejuvenating the country with science and education , and educational reform and development play a decisive role in realizing great strategy of rejuvenating the country with science and education .
general secretary jiang zemin 's important speech discussed education from the strategic perspective of the rise and fall of the state and the rejuvenation of the nation .
we must adhere to that " development is the last word " ; work closely in line with the orientation of developing the capital 's economy ; obtain new edges through scientific and technological , structural , and managerial innovations ; and lay a solid foundation for being the first in the whole nation to materialize modernization .
jia qinglin , deputy to the npc session , said that beijing should exert efforts to study and resolve three major questions in the year 2000 .
first , great efforts should be made to develop new high - technology industries and to facilitate the strategic readjustment of the economic structure .
in line with the principle of " strengthening the primary industry , readjusting the secondary industry , and developing the tertiary industry , " beijing should rely on scientific and technological progress and innovations to strategically readjust its economic structure .
according to the requirements for basically materializing modernization ahead of others , the agricultural sector should introduce , grasp , and apply advanced technology to transform the traditional cropping industry , cultivate and develop new agricultural industries , make the peasants wealthier , and continue to strengthen and consolidate its role as the foundation of the national economy .
the secondary industry should work hard to readjust the internal structure ; enhance the technical innovation capability ; apply advanced technologies and high technologies to transform and upgrade traditional industries and to transform metallurgical , chemical , machinery , building materials , and some other basic industries ; and eliminate backward production techniques .
with regard to the tertiary industry , we should give priority to developing tourist , financial and insurance , real estate , and cultural industries , as well as network - based information service industries .
second , great efforts should be made to promote the reform and development of state - owned enterprises and to set up a socialist market economic system .
the year 2000 is the last year , as well as a decisive year to realize the goal of reforming state - owned enterprises and lifting them out of their difficulties in three years .
we should continue to improve the ownership structure where the public ownership plays a dominant role and various economic elements develop simultaneously and to develop nongovernmental scientific and technological enterprises , three types of joint ventures , and private and individual economic sectors , so as to make the economy of the capital full of vigor and vitality .
third , great efforts should be made to improve and develop the environment and to comprehensively upgrade the modernization levels of the urban construction and management .
synopsis : - - large - scale development of the west is a key strategy of our country 's cross - century macroeconomic development that is of vital significance .
- - large - scale development of the west is a magnificent project that requires overall planning and all - round consideration as well as long - term struggle , that must adhere to certain basic principles .
but since reform and opening up , the economic development of the west has been relatively slow , leading to a wider gap with the economy of the east .
the vital significance of speeding up development of the west large - scale development of the west is a key strategy of our country 's cross - century macroeconomic development that is of vital significance to pushing ahead with the reform and development of the whole nation , enhancing national unity , and upholding social stability .
over the past 10 years , owing to the government 's moderately preferential macroeconomic policy , the economy of the west has been growing at a markedly improved rate , with certain important indexes even higher than that in the east .
for example , from 1978 to 1997 , as far as the proportion to the nationwide gdp is concerned , the east was up from 52 percent to 61.4 percent , while the west was down from 17 percent to 14.8 percent .
the gap in per capita gdp is also getting wider and wider .
in the early days of reform and opening up , the per capita gdp of northwestern provinces and regions was higher than that of fujian , and the figure of qinghai was even higher than that of guangdong .
but in 1997 , the nationwide per capita gdp was 6,392 yuan , while the per capita gdp of the west was merely 4,009 yuan , which was about 62.7 percent of the national average .
in 1998 , the per capita gdp of guangdong and fujian exceeded 10,000 yuan , while for the five northwestern provinces and regions , only xinjiang reached 6,435 yuan , but the rest were less than 4,500 yuan , and the difference was over 100 percent .
the central authorities , at the turn of the century , have timely proposed implementation of the strategy of large - development of the west , and the aim is precisely to narrow the regional gap , harmonize regional development , and gradually alter the goal from getting rich first to common prosperity .
they also have very rich tourism resources .
however , owing to insufficient capital investment and slow exploitation , rich resources have not been fully utilized , their resources superiority has not been translated into economic superiority , and their latent superiority has not been translated into practical superiority . this not only affects local economic development , but also lowers the speed of nationwide economic development .
speeding up development of the west helps increase domestic demand .
since reform and opening up , our country 's market situation has undergone thorough changes , from a shortage of materials to relative superfluity , from a seller 's market to a buyer 's market , from insufficient supply to insufficient effective demands . in recent years , there has been a trend shifting from inflation to deflation .
by the end of 1999 , the factory price index of production means and the overall retail price level of social consumables have dropped for 27 consecutive months .
in particular , under the current situation of extremely fierce competition in the international market , a growing number of factors of price uncertainty , and volatile market changes , taking the expansion of domestic demand as the mainstay is also an important measure to lower economic risks .
speeding up development of the west helps raise the material and cultural living standard of residents in the west .
at present , there is a fairly large gap between the material and cultural living standard of urban and rural residents in the west and their counterparts in the east .
in 1998 , the national telephone popularization rate was 10.68 percent , whereas it was 5.10 percent in shaanxi , 3.82 percent in gansu , 4.50 percent in qinghai , 7.07 percent in ningxia , and 6.96 percent in xinjiang . the average was approximately 4 percent lower than the national level .
large - scale development of the west will certainly quicken the pace of economic growth in the west , increase local urban and rural residents ' job opportunities and earnings , and create conditions for improving residents ' material and cultural lives .
economic development is the material foundation of social stability , political unity , and strong ethnic cohesiveness .
with a faster pace of development of the west and a higher speed of economic development , people of all nationalities will earn more and be better off , which will undoubtedly help consolidate and foster great unity among various nationalities , thereby safeguarding once and for all the social stability of minority nationality areas .
the basic principles of development of the west large - scale development of the west is an undertaking of great strategic significance and a cross - century project that requires overall planning and all - round consideration , as well as long - term struggle .
smash the limitations of the theory of economic and technological evolution , dare to develop by leaps and bounds .
for a long time , the concept of evolution has been popular , holding that economic and technological development can only proceed from the east to the west step by step .
under the conditions of a planned economy , regional economic development relies entirely on the state 's investment and policy support and can only evolve according to the state 's set plan .
some people hold that economically backward areas should also lag behind in reform .
so in order to speed up development , reform must be expedited .
to speed up reform , we must , first of all , change the way people think , particularly changing the way leading cadres think .
reform will bring about some new problems and new contradictions , or even infringe on certain people 's interests .
but if there is no reform and no economic development , there will be even more problems and more intense contradictions , and not only the interests of certain people but also the interests of the overwhelming majority that will be infringed upon .
reform of course brings risks , but there will be greater risks if we do not reform or put off reform .
hence , as far as large - scale development of the west is concerned , we must reform with greater intensity and promote development with reform .
to speed up development of the west , the government has to implement policies of foreign investment that are even more preferential than in the east , so as to attract more foreign capital .
to develop the west , we must not only utilize foreign resources and markets , but also utilize the resources and markets of the east and of the central part of the country .
sticking to the two opening - up drives is a must for speeding up development of the west .
the non - public economic sector is an important component of the socialist market economy .
vigorously developing the non - public economic sector is a must for speeding up development of the west and is of vital significance .
enable market - oriented development of the economy of the west in accordance with the law of market economy .
under the conditions of a planned economy , for example , " remote - area " construction prior to reform and opening up was totally conducted by governmental , planned , and mandatory means , which caused all kinds of maladies and serious damage and taight us a big lesson .
integrating the " invisible hand " with the " visible hand " helps quicken the pace of development of the west .
attach equal importance to speed and quality , focus mainly on quality improvement .
the economic gap between the east and the west is being widened , precisely because since reform and opening up , the development pace of the west has been far slower than that of the east .
an important reason of economic underdevelopment of the west is the long - term negligence of sustainable development - - unrestrained lumbering of forest reserves , serious soil erosion , a growing trend of desert - like deterioration of land , and predatory exploitation of mineral resources , and it is a very profound lesson .
in developing the west , we must attach importance to protecting the environment and resources , upholding ecological equilibrium , and bring about sustainable development .
development of the west is a long - term undertaking , the establishment of a socialist market economic system , economic modernization , and the very improvement of the material and cultural living standard of urban and rural residents cannot be done in a short while .
vigorously develop infrastructure such as communications and transportation , communication networks , water and power supply , improve the investment environment .
developing infrastructure such as railways and highways can not only lower the cost of transportation , quicken the pace of freight transport , economize on the consumption of goods and materials , and improve the investment environment , but can also forge close economic ties with the east and facilitate technological and talent exchange .
in the 21 st century , information will play a bigger and bigger role in economic development .
the information popularization rate in the west is lower than the national average .
hence , out of the greater investment in infrastructure , greater investment in the information industry is really essential .
develop the undertakings of education and science , improve workforce and talent quality .
since reform and opening up , the outflow of talent has been very prominent phenomenon in the west .
it is a joyful thing that through the flow of talent , qualified personnel can fulfill themselves and achieve a higher quality ; yet it is also a cause for concern as there is a shortage of talent for the development of the west .
some of the western provinces , such as shaanxi and sichuan , are relatively strong in science and technology and have a fairly large number of scientific and technological achievements .
exchange resources for capital , raise funds for development .
viewed from the current situation , greater government investment is necessary but has little potential , also it does not conform to what is demanded by the law of market economy if we totally rely on government investment .
hence , local fund - raising is the principal way .
but due to economic backwardness , capital accumulation is so slow that it is difficult to meet the demand for rapid development .
for example , in such respects as land utilization , resources exploitation , efforts should be made to offer investors with preferential terms , in a bid to attract investors from other parts of the nation and from foreign countries .
finance is the nucleus of a modern economy .
to develop the economy of the west , we must pay full attention to the financial market and make use of it .
reform the household registration management system , facilitate a flow of workforce and talent .
peasants ' city - going practice and transformation of some of the rural workforce into urban workforce are the inevitable tendencies of economic development , and an important sign of social progress as well .
the existing household registration management system neither meets the demands of a market economy nor the needs for development of the west , and policy revisions and breakthroughs should be made .
small town construction , because of its small investment , can bring into play the enthusiasm of every sector , which also helps overcome the " city disease " and the " rural disease " and prepare the ground for the balanced development of urban and rural areas .
first , since the introduction of the reform and opening - up policy , china 's nominal tariffs have constantly kept a downward trend .
instead of disasters , a sound development of the economy was brought to china through its sustained efforts to cut the nominal tariffs over the past eight years .
second , 17 percent of our country 's current nominal tariff rates are still 10 percent higher than those of the developing countries and three percent more than those of the developed countries .
thus , it is obvious that the key to protecting the domestic economy lies in the perfect tariff system , but not the maintenance of high nominal tariffs .
first , china currently occupies the first few positions in the world in terms of the output of some major industrial products . but , its industrial growth forms are still based on consumption of natural resources .
therefore , from now on , the capital - and technology - intensive industries should give up the orientation of relying on extensive reproduction to make development and grasp the favorable chance of " joining the wto " to introduce the market competition mechanism and to quicken the change of the economic growth forms .
second , the distribution of interests among the industries at home is not reasonable . some of our industries with strong international competitiveness , such as the textile industry , once comprehensively experienced losses while at the same time some trades without international competitiveness witnessed " profits . "
so , further opening up our banking sector to the outside world in the next few years will affect both chinese - and foreign - funded banking institutions .
in short , we must neither excessively exaggerate nor be blindly optimistic about the possible impact of the " wto entry " on china 's economy . on the basis of objective analyses , we should calmly cope with the situation , grasp favorable opportunities , and meet challenges .
li peng said upholding party leadership in the npc 's work is entirely in line with giving full play to the role of the organ of state power .
in the same way , upholding party leadership is also entirely in keeping with handling affairs according to law and safeguarding the sanctity of the constitution and other laws .
it is precisely in this sense that the npc 's supervision over " the government , the courts and the procuratorates " is also a kind of support to them . through supervision , it can give them better support in carrying out administration according to law and in justly carrying out judicial work .
practice has proved that understanding and handling matters in this way will not weaken the npc 's supervision work , but instead , will improve and strengthen such work and will help better realize the goal of the npc 's supervision .
in the past two years , the people have been extremely concerned about , and have given great support to , the work of the npc standing committee .
so long as we continue to fully depend on the people , the standing committee will have a solid mass foundation for its work , will be able to really represent the people 's will , and will maintain exuberant vitality .
li peng said many laws formulated by the npc standing committee have condensed the painstaking practice of local people 's congresses over many years .
the laws approved by the standing committee also depend on local people 's congresses for their correct and effective implementation .
therefore , strengthening ties with local people 's congresses , and constantly improving the work of the npc standing committee through seriously summing up the experience in work of local people 's congresses is the objective demand in promoting the building of the socialist democracy and legal system .
on 21 february , the taiwan affairs office and the information office of the state council issued the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue , " which has systematically and comprehensively expounded the chinese government 's stand and policy on adhering to the one - china principle .
these two speeches and one document have evoked strong repercussions and attracted universal attention in taiwan as well as in the international community as a whole .
the article says since 1979 , the motherland always hoped to realize peaceful reunification of the two sides of the strait through holding talks and has shown the greatest sincerity .
all this has created favorable conditions for developing the cross - strait relations in future .
this shows the motherland has all along been considering cross - strait dialogues and talks in future , and has tried to include in the topics for discussion as many of the issues the taiwan people and the taiwan authorities are concerned about as possible .
for the sake of the interests of all the chinese , including the taiwan compatriots , it is imperative to stop " taiwan independence " and strive for the prospect of peaceful reunification .
comrade deng xiaoping spoke about this viewpoint on many occasions .
each of us chinese must work hard for this and strive to realize the motherland 's complete reunification at an early date .
li said that the npc standing committee should first focus on the state 's central task and further integrate legislative work with major policy decisions on state reform , development , and stability .
to this end , it will further study the revision of the company law in order to meet the needs of the reform and development of state enterprises .
it will step up legislation in education and science and technology to promote the implementation of a general plan for reinvigorating the nation through science and education .
li peng noted that efforts should be concentrated on drafting and examining several basic bills .
on the basis of individual legal documents concerning relevant supervision work , the npc should sum up practical experience and intensify the drafting of the supervision law .
it will strive to complete the amendment to the regional national autonomy law this year .
it will speed up the drafting of the property rights and state asset laws and will establish and improve a socialist property rights system with chinese characteristics .
to complete arduous legislative tasks , li added , it is necessary to standardize legislative activities and constantly raise the efficiency and quality of legislative work .
in accordance with the limits of legislative authority and procedures as prescribed by law , the npc should earnestly carry out legislative work and strengthen guidance , supervision , and coordination in legislative planning and the implementation of annual legislative plans .
it should also sum up the standing committee 's experience in examining draft bills , improve the system for the three - deliberations of important draft bills , and unceasingly raise the quality of deliberations .
while enacting new laws , it should actively carry out legislative interpretation as an important supplementary form of legislation .
beijing , 9 mar ( xinhua ) - - the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] held its third full meeting in the great hall of the people this morning , to listen to a report on the work of the npc standing committee and an explanation of draft legislation .
li peng pointed out that in the past year the standing committee has assigned an important position to supervisory work , attaching equal importance to legal supervision and work supervision , thus strengthening the practical effects of supervision .
the standing committee has arranged the drafting and examination and discussion of three single - item regulations and decisions on supervisory work , launched four checks of law enforcement , and listened to five reports on specialized topics .
he said that the work of checking on law enforcement has been further intensified and improved , with attention being paid to focusing the work on the state 's key tasks and the problems of concern to the masses ; we have intensified work supervision ; and we have started to make progress in standardizing supervisory work .
li peng said that in the past year the standing committee has attached importance to dealing with the motions , suggestions , criticisms , and views put forward by the deputies .
handling of all the 229 motions put forward by the deputies at the second session of the ninth npc has been completed , and many of their views have been accepted .
the standing committee has also strengthened links with the masses ; during the year it received overt 60,000 letters from the masses , received over 10,000 visits from them , and investigated and dealt with the problems reflected in their letters and visits .
he also spoke on the standing committee 's external work during the past year .
li peng pointed out that it is two years since the ninth npc standing committee was composed .
continue to intensify supervisory work and pay attention to its practical effects .
seriously implement the standing committee decisions on stepping up examination and supervision of the central budget and strengthening supervision over economic work .
china has achieved notable success and accumulated much experience in legislative work since 1979 , but there are also a number of problems in actual work .
gu angran also gave explanations regarding the scope of application of the draft law on legislation , the basic principles to be followed in legislative activities , the demarcation of the extent of legislative powers , legislation authorization , legislation procedure , interpretation of the law , norms to be applied , and putting rules and regulations on record .
this detachment is a heroic unit which accomplished several major missions , including the launching of carrier rockets underwater ; it is also called an underwater great wall defending the republic .
challenges reach the limits the submarines " drew " a deep breath and " abruptly " jumped deep to the bottom of the sea .
the officers and men of the detachment could not clearly remember how many underwater long voyages they had ever made . but they knew that this voyage was a test for their maximum self - sufficiency capabilities and that it would be an abnormal underwater " marathon . "
unlike the previous long voyages crossing the pacific ocean , this would be the longest and farthest underwater voyage in the history of china 's conventional submarines .
this was a test to assess the maximum self - sufficiency capacities of the weapons , equipment , and crew of these two submarines .
under the conditions that the submarines had no supplies and the crew could not take a rest , the weapons and equipment should operate at full capacity , and the crew would meet extra - ordinarily , extreme challenges for both their willpower and bearing capabilities .
when running submerged , the crew lived a " complete dark life . "
and , the dirty air within the submarines caused much suffering to the crew .
although the submarines were surrounded by water , the crew had to economize on water .
only a small cup of water could be used by each person a day to wash one 's face , brush teeth , wash feet , and drink . even the top officer liu guangyou , chief of the detachment , was no exception .
liu guangyou told the reporters that before the long voyage , each of the crew should prepare at least four or five sets of underwear because submarine soldiers could not wash their clothes during the long journey .
on the threshold of returning to the base , all the crew were looking forward to returning to the land .
just at that moment , the commanding group sent a direction - - " continuing the long voyage for another five days . "
so , staying longer for another one minute under water would be several dozen times more dangerous than the ordinary times . calamities happened in foreign countries for several times due to the weariness of the crew and the wear - out failures of the equipment after long voyages .
the officers and men , under the leadership of liu guangyou , won first place in terms of the time duration and distance of the voyages by china 's conventional submarines and the number of items that had been tested and assessed .
according to the comments by the specialists , the underwater " marathon " was by no means a report back on consuming strength , but it was a miracle created with conviction and will .
whales play tricks concealment is the life of submarines and where the charm of the life on submarines lies .
the farther the submarines run , the more important concealment becomes .
at zero hours in the midnight , the submarines ran submerged under a complicated sea area . machinery and power systems gave a warning - - " the hydraulic pressure system was out of order . "
this system is a " nervous " system for controlling and regulating the balance of submarines . once it does not work , the submarine will sink to the bottom of the sea like a piece of iron .
some people suggested breaking the surface to be more stable . under the psychological conflicts between " concealment " and " exposure , " liu guangyou gave the same order - - all departments should strive to control the direction of submarines and eliminate trouble in order to keep on running submerged .
the hydraulic pressure system eventually returned to normal 14 hours later .
unlike nuclear submarines , the conventional submarines , after a certain period of running , must break the surface to " charge batteries . "
as soon as the submarines broke surface on a certain sea area , an anti - submarine helicopters flew over it . so , the submarines immediately went deep into the water for concealment .
after the anti - submarine helicopters flew away , the submarines once again broke surface . this time , an unidentified warship appeared on the nearby sea area .
so , they could not help but run submerged . passive concealment was not the best plan for the submarines . how could the submarines gain the initiative in the face of the conflict between concealment and pursuit ?
submarines ' concealment is inseparable from sonar .
sonar serves as submarines ' " eyes . " submarines rely on sonar for voyages , catching targets , and determining attacking elements .
so , sonar servicemen should judge water - surface and underwater targets according to the signals they get through sonar receivers .
during the test , the officers and men discovered that unidentified acoustic waves on the high seas shadowed their submarines for hours . they judged that the signals of the acoustic waves sounded like destroyers , large - sized sea traffic boats , or nuclear submarines .
through tense analyses and judgments , they did not find accurate answers .
at that time , chou yuping , a sonar serviceman at an age of more than 40 years , affirmatively told the commander that the acoustic waves were caused by a flock of whales .
so , the submarines tried to stand still . at last , the whales impatiently swam away .
after the test was over , the tapes recorded with the signals of the acoustic waves were sent to beijing for inspections . chou yuping 's judgments were completely identical with the oceanologists ' .
acting as a sonar serviceman for 24 years , he has a habit ; that is , he records all kinds of sound he hears .
in order to judge two kinds of sound which were very close to the signals of warship propellers , he worked for more than 4 hours and finally told the slight differences between the two signals .
according to the signals that the sonar receivers get , chou yuping is now able to tell the differences between commercial boats and warships and to tell you how far the targets are , what tonne classes the ships belong to , and how fast the ships are running .
conquering the enemy and winning a victory are submarines ' masterly skills .
these were questions of whether those exhausted crew might make mistakes and of whether the equipment that had been operating at full capacity for a long period of time might be out of order .
two torpedoes were seen flying from the submarines directly toward the " enemy " warships . along with the tremendous noises , dense smoke rolling far away from the submarines gave a signal of victory .
although such a kind of test was conducted on shore for several times , an unexpected situation took place on the day when the test was conducted on the sea .
then , the commander used " sign languages " to issue orders , but no desired targets were attained .
the third test was launched on the sea as scheduled .
the submarines ran submerged deeper and deeper from 10 meters to 20 meters , 30 meters , and so on .
on the day when the " submarine - to - submarine " practice was launched , one of the leaders in the detachment went to the submarine which was taken as a " target " and told the soldiers there that this time their bodies were used as targets in order to reduce victims in future sea warfare .
with such a leader , what miracles cannot be created ?
with such an underwater great wall , what worries will the republic have ?
a reporter asked : it has been reported that on 7 march , the us defense department officially notified the us congress that the united states is ready to sell to taiwan 162 upgraded hawk anti - aircraft missiles and items needed to upgrade taiwan 's existing tps-43f anti - aircraft radar to the tps-75v configuration .
do you have any comment on this ?
zhu bangzao answered : we are seriously concerned about the above report and have lodged solemn and just representations with the united states .
he emphasized that the chinese government and people have consistently and resolutely opposed the united states selling advanced weapons to taiwan .
china strongly demands the united state scrupulously abide by the three sino - us joint communiques and relevant us commitments , fully understand the serious harm of us arms sales to taiwan , immediately correct its mistake , and stop all arms sales to taiwan .
as they stand in the wto 's doorway , do chinese enterprises have the confidence and ability to participate in international market competition ?
household electrical appliances have had more than 100 years of development history in the world . china , however , saw practically a blank in the field of household electrical appliances before 1949 and also during the three decades after 1949 , when it did produce some low - grade household electrical gadgets but managed only slow development .
now china 's household electrical appliance industry is able to manufacture products of more than 100 varieties and of several hundred series of specifications that fit in with the demands of different regions and different strata of the world .
it already ranks first in the world in the output of refrigerators , washing machines , electrical fans , and rice cookers .
the export of chinese household electrical appliances also has showed a rising trend .
how did china 's household electrical appliance industry achieve such rapid , vigorous growth in a matter of just a dozen years ?
the introduction of advanced technology from abroad laid a solid foundation for china 's household electrical appliance industry to get a foothold at home and then march to the world .
the second factor is that market competition has promoted the development and expansion of china 's household electrical appliance industry .
the result was : china 's household electrical appliance industry enhanced its overall standard amid competition , with a number of noted enterprises having made their way through the competition and a number of noted brands finding the market amid competition .
in the face of the trends of market and economic globalization , china 's household electrical appliance enterprises became aware that the way for enterprise survival and development lied in taking the path of internationalization .
the process of creating a name brand by the haier group over the past 15 years has been a process of taking the path of internationalization .
however , entry into the international market was not something that could be accomplished in one move .
haier 's reply was : " we rely on technological innovation . "
as technological innovation is an important guarantee for enhancing competitiveness and achieving internationalization , chinese household electrical appliance enterprises have not relaxed in technological innovation even for a moment after making it into the international market , investing massive human , material , and financial resources in technological innovation as well as marketizing , internationalizing , and commercializing it .
to conduct research on technology that is a decade in advance , haier invested 500 million yuan to set up a central research institute and to establish a design company in a joint venture form with foreign partners to bring in internationally first - rate designs .
orientation towards the market and a human - centric approach are starting points in making technological innovations for household electrical appliances as well as key elements of success in opening up the international market .
a " name brand " was what haier called a " life brand . "
chinese household electrical appliance enterprises strengthened their marketing networks and extended their international market in various ways .
find market prestige through quality after - sales service household electrical appliances are expensive durable consumer goods ; only part of an appliance is sold when it leaves a store , as a sale in its true meaning is completed only when it is fully installed and fit for safe usage .
with its direct bearing on an enterprise 's market prestige and market share , after - sales quality assurance is an even more important factor .
in their general plans for competition , the numerous chinese household electrical appliance enterprises take quality service after sales as a good tool indispensable in competition .
this means the conventional way of domestically producing goods for export is no longer the only practice or even has taken a back seat .
while exporting products , they correctly judged the hour and assessed the situation and set up factories abroad by way of technological exports or joint ventures .
being ahead of the rest , enterprises such as haier , chunlan , xiaotianer , and kelong have not only reduced cost and extended their international markets but have also laid a foundation for further internationalization .
confronted with china 's imminent accession to the wto , chinese household electrical appliance enterprises are speeding up the process of internationalization even further .
haier has even set an unequivocal target of making greater efforts to set up factories abroad . it wants to set up common production bases for household electrical appliances in ten of the larger economic regions in the world to make haier a truly " internationalized haier . "
from the experiences in getting chinese household electrical appliances into the international market , we can get a great deal of helpful enlightenment .
all we can see from the process of chinese household electrical appliances ' march towards the international market is the track of competition .
by daring to participate in international market competition , chinese household electrical appliance enterprises drew a driving force from competition , generated vitality amid competition , gained experience amid competition , and enhanced their quality amid competition .
normalized international market competition all boils down to a competition of strength .
although various strategies may be employed in forming a marketing network , a high - quality brand is still the most fundamental element .
it would be unimaginable for a product of uncompetitive quality and brand to appear worldwide .
superior quality and technological innovation were precisely what chinese household electrical appliances had relied on to make it into the international market .
this droplet is reflecting the spirit and mettle of us , the chinese nation , as well as the courage and resourcefulness of chinese entrepreneurs , all of which have been fully developed and incarnated amid china 's reform and opening up to the outside world .
with the development of economic globalization and the attraction of china 's powerful market , foreign enterprises will integrate with chinese enterprises . under mutually beneficial cooperation , chinese enterprises will enjoy even greater development compared to now .
the 12 th and 13 th meetings of the ninth npc standing committee deliberated over the draft legislative law , and further amended and improved the draft law .
the aforementioned matters are major matters that concern the state 's basic political system , economic system , and civil , criminal , and other legal systems .
the draft law also stipulates , in principle , the procedures for formulating administrative and local rules and regulations .
the draft law also makes relevant stipulations on the procedures for proposing , drafting , deliberating , putting to a vote , and promulgating legal interpretations .
gu angran also provided explanations on the applicable areas of the draft legislative law ; applicable rules and regulations ; putting rules and regulations on record ; and other issues .
now the central authorities decided to build a project to deliver xinjiang 's natural gas to shanghai with a total length of 4,200 km .
this will be a very large gas - shipping project rarely seen in the world and its construction costs will be only next to the chang jiang three gorges project . it was learned that the construction costs might go as high as $ 40 billion or more than 300 billion yuan .
in the course of large - scale development of the western region , xinjiang will fully take advantage of those favorable points and attach importance to intensive processing of products . we will keep benefits in xinjiang and distribute benefits into the hands of people in xinjiang .
the development in the western region must be done within the scope of law from the beginning .
wang lequan warned : " we have the responsibility to remind the people from the beginning that in order to have a happy life we must depend on hard work and it will take a quite long period . we should have mental preparation to avoid seeking quick success and instant benefits . "
beijing , 9 mar (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao said here today that the chinese government hopes the us congress will approve granting china permanent normal trade relations status smoothly and cleanly [ gan jing li luo 1626 0403 0448 5507 ] and without attaching any conditions .
at today 's news briefing held by the foreign ministry , zhu bangzao said mutually granting the most - favored - nation trading status is something normal between countries .
if this issue cannot be timely and thoroughly resolved , it will greatly damage the interests of us enterprises in china , and will be harmful to the united states in its competition with other members of the world trade organization (wto) for china 's market .
the bilateral talks between china and the united states have entered the final stage of conclusion .
however , relevant extant us domestic laws have set up obstacles to granting china the normal trade relation status . this does not conform to the wto principles and is a big obstacle to the development of bilateral trade and economic cooperation between china and the united states .
the spokesman said that the reason china and the united states have been able to reach a bilateral agreement on china 's accession to wto is that the united state has promised to unconditionally grant china most - favored - nation trading status .
he said that the chinese government appreciated the efforts made by the us government and industrial and commercial circles to promote resolving this issue .
china will try its best to coordinate .
party committees at all levels should further enhance their understanding , step up their efforts at work , and effectively strengthen their leadership .
the key to successfully conducting the " three stresses " education at the county ( or city ) level lies in party committees at the provincial , prefectural , and city levels , and party committees at the prefectural ( or city ) level are directly responsible for this education .
following the example set by central leading comrades , responsible officials of party committees ( at the prefectural level ) should take up matters personally and strengthen their supervision , inspection , and guidance .
with a boundless sense of being responsible to the party 's cause , inspection teams should take the initiative in performing their work and bring their due role into play . the tasks in reform , opening up , economic construction , and the maintenance of stability will be arduous this year .
zhang quanjing said : the party central committee attaches great importance to the conduct of the " three stresses " education at the county ( or city ) level , and large numbers of cadres and the masses place high hopes on it .
wang xudong and bai keming , members of the central joint conference on " three stresses " education , took part in the informal meeting .
a number of deputies and members attending the " two sessions " in beijing have explored this question .
long yongtu , vice minister of the ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation , said at a national people 's congress [ npc ] panel discussion that the departments concerned are now amending or abolishing rules that conflict with the wto .
for instance , when foreign companies invested in china in the past , there may have been provisions in the agreement provisions that these companies must transfer technology , or else on restricting the sales in china of the products of foreign - funded enterprises .
after china joins the wto , most of these restrictions must be abolished , and the relevant regulations must be amended or abolished to avoid future conflict .
they also proposed in their motion that legislation be adopted as soon as possible to ensure through the form of law the credit reliability of public information .
in this way china will gain an international reputation after wto entry .
wu jinglian , a cppcc member and well - known economist , told reporters covering the " two sessions " that china must get a good grasp of preparations for joining the wto ; it is necessary to make a " countdown " plan for how to open up the renminbi [ rmb ] capital account .
at the same time , the problem of being unadapted and unaccustomed to many of the rules requires that we gradually change our old behavior standards .
beijing , 9 mar (zts) - - raidi , deputy secretary of the tibet autonomous regional party committee and chairman of the regional people 's congress standing committee , said today that the channels of contact between the chinese government and the dalai lama are free of obstacles [ chang tong 2545 6639 ] .
he also said that the boy designated by the dalai as the " reincarnated soul boy " of the panchen is doing very well [ sheng huo de hen hao 3932 3172 1779 1771 1170 ] .
when asked at today 's news conference whether the chinese government and the dalai still maintain channels of dialogue , raidi said : consultation between the chinese government and the dalai is entirely a domestic affair . there are still channels of contact , which are unimpeded and free of obstacles .
( summary ) the army should further understand the historical mission it shoulders and provide a firm and strong security support for safeguarding the state sovereignty , unification , and security , for defending the peaceful labor of the people , and for carrying out reform , opening up , and socialist modernization .
to promote army modernization , the motivation lies in reform , and the outlet also lies in reform .
the education on ideals and convictions and the education on army 's historical mission and fundamental functions should be intensified to further incorporate the energy , will , intelligence , and wisdom of all military officers and soldiers to army modernization .
the army should take an active part in the extensive development of western regions , make active explorations for new forms and methods to participate in and support the extensive development of western regions under the new economic conditions of the socialist market , and give even better play to the advantages of the army .
he said : last year the armed forces and the people 's armed police forces withstood the trials from three major political struggles and made new progress in comprehensive construction .
meanwhile , remarkable results were achieved in the " three - stress " education , and the coherence and combat capacity of party committees at all levels were strengthened as well .
the upsurge of mass scientific and technological training was set off across the pla units , and joint military exercises of all services and arms of nanjing and guangzhou theaters were thoroughly organized and conducted .
major headway was made in building national defense - oriented science and technology as well as armaments , and a long - range surface - to - surface missile and the experimental spacecraft " shenzhou " were successful launched .
the socialization of logistics support and other reform items were promoted positively , and all the preparations for kicking off the joint service system were completed on schedule .
the macao troops were smoothly stationed in macao to perform their defense duties , and they were warmly received by macao compatriots .
chairman jiang pointed out : this year is at the turn of the century .
all armed forces should clearly understand their historical mission and continue to comprehensively push army building to the new century with a new outlook .
chairman jiang indicated : peace and development remain the two major themes in today 's world .
the trends of political multi - polarization and economic globalization continue to develop , science and technology progress with each passing day , and the international situation tends to ease up in general .
without a solid national defense , there is no strong army , and it is impossible for us to wholeheartedly engage in economic construction .
chairman jiang pointed out : keeping the society and politics stable constitutes the necessary precondition for economic and social development .
however , we should clearly notice that various unstable factors remain .
so the army should vigorously support local party committees and governments to maintain social and political stability in strict accordance with the spirit of the directions of the cpc central committee .
chairman jiang indicated : the army should successfully perform its fundamental function of safeguarding state sovereignty and security and should , at the same time , actively participate in and support the economic construction of the state .
this is an important thinking of comrades mao zedong and deng xiaoping .
since the commencement of reform and opening up , our army has consistently subordinate itself to and facilitate the overall task of economic construction and has vigorously helped localities develop the economy , thus making great contributions in this aspect .
the central authorities set forth the strategy of extensively develop western regions with a view to accelerating the development of these regions . this is a major strategic policy decision related to the overall situation of china 's modernization drive .
the central military commission is about to put forward an overall plan for supporting the extensive development of western regions after soliciting the opinions of various pla general departments .
referring to the issues of further intensifying the modernization of national defense and the army , chairman jiang emphasized : the modernization of national defense and the army has witnessed noticeable achievements along with the advances in reform , opening up , and modernization drive .
he said : to quicken the modernization of our army , we need to do a lot of things .
the modernization of our army is a systems engineering project . all levels of party committees and leading cadres should have a firm grip on the overall situation and pay attention to thinking of and handling issues from an overall perspective .
chairman jiang stressed : to push forward the modernization of the army , the motivation lies in reform , and the outlet lies in reform as well .
military , political , logistics , and armament work should all be actively and appropriately reformed with a view to enhancing the army 's combat capacity .
we should continue to emancipate the mind , proceed from reality , and stress actual results when doing a thing . we should positively and actively resolve contradictions and problems and strive to probe into the characteristics and laws of army administration during the new period .
however , it should be noted frankly that the current situation in our army 's ranks of senior cadres still lags behind the requirements of the new situation and new tasks , and some problems in these ranks still warrant our attention .
therefore , we should continue to firmly grasp ideological and political construction , the education on discipline and work style , and the improvement of leadership . we should also actually promote the building of the senior cadre ranks in order to ensure that the modernization of national defense and the army will proceed successfully .
they believed that the work report was practical , brief and to the point , and full of novelty ; and that it has provided explicit solutions to specific problems .
at the meeting , the delegates said that they were all inspired by the report ; and at the same time , they also brought forward some ideas and suggestions on the npc work in the future .
speaking at the meeting on the work report of the npc standing committee were delegates chen mingyi , he shaochuan , zhang binsheng , and yuan qitong , as well as nonvoting delegate xi jinping from the fujian delegation ; and delegates xie tieli , zeng xiaozhen , zhang mingyuan , and wu changshu from the jilin delegation .
it is of particular importance to study and propagate the constitution , which is a body of basic laws ; and this is a task which we need to carry on persistently for a long period of time in the future .
li peng listened attentively to the speeches of the delegates , and expressed appreciation for their views and suggestions . meanwhile , he fully reaffirmed the results attained by the vast numbers of cadres and masses in fujian and jilin in their conscientious implementation of the principles and policies of the central authorities .
li peng pointed out : building socialism with chinese characteristics is a brand - new undertaking ; therefore , the npc also needs to display a pioneering spirit when promoting its legislation and supervision work .
the more we develop our economy , the more we need to strengthen our legal building . this is a need of our economic development , a need of the people in their daily life , and a need of our efforts to build up a sound investment environment .
we should give a better play to the roles of people 's congress and its deputies at all levels ; and this is a need for building up socialism with chinese characteristics , and a need for strengthening democracy and the legal system , stressed li peng .
coming from all walks of life , the deputies of the people 's congress in our country can fully reflect the popular will of the people in society , and can represent the interests of the people .
by bringing into full play the roles of people 's congress deputies in the legislation and supervision work , we can enrich the work connotation of the people 's congress .
the 17 th karmapa left for india at the end of last year .
raidi rebuked foreign media reports on the arrest of the karmapa 's parents and the lamas of the monastery as " groundless and harboring ulterior motives . "
he said that the karmapa 's parents not long ago extended their gratitude to the party and government for the care given to the family . for the sake of spring plowing and taking care of their cattle , sheep , and land , they have left lhasa for home . they are now leading a good life .
a xinhua correspondent asked : " how does chongqing consider its position in the project of extensively developing western regions ? "
he guoqiang , secretary of the chongqing municipal party committee , answered : chongqing is the only municipality in western regions as well as the key industrial and commercial city in the southwest region . the chang jiang golden waterways have linked chongqing to both eastern and western regions .
thus , chongqing should serve as a bridge linking the east with the west and making them promote each other . development of western regions is a long - term strategy as well as the overall task of the country .
to this end , chongqing is accelerating the infrastructure construction with communications projects as the mainstay , is vigorously improving the ecological environment , and is planning for the future based on the present .
second , we will strengthen the cooperation with the southwest fraternal provinces . third , through the chang jiang golden waterways , we will strengthen the cooperation with the eastern coastal areas and the 29 provinces , municipalities , and regions that are supporting the construction of the three gorges project .
in addition , we will seize this opportunity to accelerate development with a view to fulfilling as soon as possible the strategic objective of " striving to build chongqing into the economic center on the upper reaches of chang jiang , " that was raised by general secretary jiang zemin .
from now on , we will go further to intensify prevention , supervision , examination , investigation , and punishment to such cases .
recently , the central financial authorities increased the transfer allocations to chongqing , 40 percent of which have already been specially used to ensure the livelihood of laid - off workers .
along with the deepening and perfection of reform , the situation has begun to improve . in addition , with the development opportunity brought about by the strategy of the extensive development of western regions , all these problems will be resolved in a short period of time .
as for the guangming ribao reporter 's question that the extensive development of western regions may lead to the destruction of the environment , he guoqiang answered : we should have new ideas and new methods in developing western regions , and should never develop the west at the cost of destroying the ecological environment .
according to the arrangements of the central authorities , chongqing has already begun the experimental projects of protecting natural forests , reversing farmlands to forests and pasturelands , and afforesting barren hills .
the three gorges reservoir areas and the upper reaches of chang jiang have been designated as the key state areas for pollution control . so we will fight a hard - fought battle of environmental improvement at the three gorges reservoir areas and in major urban areas of chongqing municipality .
henan deputy xiao hong [ 5135 4767 ] said : the npc standing committee has made new headway in legislation this year and has played a positive role in ensuring the smooth progress of china 's reform and opening up .
in particular , the standing committee has provided a powerful legal guarantee for the healthy development of our social and economic development by closely combining legislation with major decisions in china 's reform , development , and stability .
the present session will be discussing the draft legislation law. this piece of legislation will play an important role in standardizing legislative work .
hunan deputy wang keying [ 3769 0344 5391 ] said : in developing socialist democratic politics , it is necessary to proceed from china 's actual conditions and uphold the party 's leadership . on no account should we mechanically copy western democratic models .
on the future work of the standing committee , many deputies believed that in accordance with the requirement of building a socialist legal system with chinese characteristics , the primary task of the npc should be to do legislative work well .
one of the reasons for the spread of corruption in society is the lack of supervision and constraint over power .
in future , the npc and its standing committee should continue to conduct propaganda and education on socialist democracy and the legal system in a thorough and sustained way in order to enhance the legal awareness and legal concept of the whole nation .
government functionaries , particularly leading cadres , must exert to study laws and regulations and improve their ability to act in accordance with law .
in addition , the npc and its standing committee should further unfold their work in a creative manner in better relying on npc deputies to properly conduct the work of the standing committee , making continuous efforts to strengthen the building of the standing committee , discharging their duties in accordance with law , and in other respects .
in the meantime , they also reviewed the government work report together with the deputies .
jiang chunyun said : since the introduction of reform and opening up , china has made remarkable achievements in legislation , but there are still such problems as legislation rights being inexplicit , legislation procedures being unstandardized , and legislation quality being low .
second , legislation should focus on the central task of the party and the state and cater to the overall interests of reform , development , and stability .
third , legislation should give full expression to democracy and abide by the mass line .
fourth , legislation should proceed strictly according to the legally prescribed rights and procedures .
fifth , the legislators contingent should be further strengthened and a high - quality contingent of legislation cadres should be fostered .
sixth , strengthening party leadership is the fundamental guarantee for making a success of legislation .
there is a need to upgrade the party 's proposals to state ideas through legal procedures , and to ensure the implementation of the party 's line , principles , and policies by means of law , rules , and regulations .
zou jiahua stresses importance of protecting environment when joining the anhui delegation 's discussion today , npc vice chairman zou jiahua pointed out the need for the entire society to strengthen its awareness about environmental protection to improve environmental protection .
now sewage treatment departments in localities are undertakings with a heavy financial burden ; these can be changed to enterprises that can turn sewage water into a product for the market , to gain economic benefit .
wang guangying urges all levels of people 's congresses to improve work when joining the tianjin delegation discussion , npc vice chairman wang guangying said : in the past year , the npc standing committee has done lots of fruitful work .
the people 's congress has consciously accepted cpc leadership in its work and has organically combined its supervision and support for the government , the courts , and the procuratorates , thus creating a good experiment and practice and making new contributions to the formation of the socialist democratic and legal system in this new situation .
it is necessary to popularize the education on law among the masses to strengthen the mentality about law .
all levels of cadres should take the lead in studying and observing law and in carrying out administration according to law .
since its establishment , the people 's congress system has achieved remarkable results , thus displaying the superiority of this system .
the nature , position , and role of the people 's congress has been gradually understood by more and more people .
zhou guangzhao says equal stressed should be laid on science and education to turn the burden of " population " into wealth npc vice chairman zhou guangzhao joined the hunan delegation 's discussion .
he pointed out : only when we earnestly implement the strategy of invigorating the country by means of science and education , improve the population 's quality , and turn the burden of the 1.2 billion people into wealth , can we seize the new round of development opportunity brought about by the rapid progress of science and technology .
we should pay attention to " improving the people 's quality " - - which is a basic project .
we should understand that in comparison with foreign countries , china 's biggest advantage is " human resources . " we should improve the people 's quality and turn the burden of " population " into wealth so as to carry china into a knowledge economy and achieve modernization at an early date .
cao zhi stressed the need to profoundly conduct education on popularization of law .
he pointed out that it is necessary to carry out propagation and education on the democratic legal system in various forms , to improve the people 's awareness about law and the legal system , so that the masses will study , observe , and apply law better .
he pointed that china should uphold the systematization , progressiveness , uprightness , and scientific nature of legislative work , to establish a socialist legal system suited to china 's national conditions .
he also pointed out : people 's congress supervision is a very important job . without the power to supervise , corruption will crop up ; without supervision over the power , everything will only remain formalism .
to do a good job in supervisory work , people 's congress deputies should first be brave in executing the duties entrusted by the constitution , earnestly do something for the masses , and carry out the supervisory power according to law .
xu jialu says supervision should be strengthened over government , courts , and procuratorates when joining the gansu delegation 's discussion , npc vice chairman xu jialu said that it is a prolonged , arduous task for the npc standing committee to strengthen its supervision over the government , the courts , and the procuratorates .
xu jialu said : supervision is an eternal subject , and at no time can we say that supervision is adequate .
he hoped that all levels of governments , particularly leading cadres , will conscientiously study law and popularize legal knowledge .
jiang zhenghua says laws should be constantly revised and improved npc vice chairman jiang zhenghua took part in the qinghai delegation 's discussion , during which he pointed out that following china 's social and economic development , laws should be constantly revised and improved to cope with new situations and the development of the socialist market economy .
jiang zhenghua said : the responsibility of the ninth npc is to build a legal framework under market economic conditions and keep improving it . there are mainly six laws : constitutional law , criminal law , and civil law , which includes commercial law .
the other three are procedural laws , namely , criminal procedural law , civil procedural law , and administrative procedural law .
procedural laws and substantive laws are closely linked to each other .
only by strictly implementing procedural laws , can substantive laws display their role .
china 's reforms , opening up , and modernization continued to forge ahead in all - round fashion in 1999 amid a complex internal and external environment ; new achievements were scored on all fronts , and the predicted work targets were attained .
this is because china is still far from resolving the problem of management .
not only must the enterprises strengthen management ; industry , agriculture , finance and taxation , financial institutions , trade , science and technology , education , culture , and public health must also strengthen management .
government organs must still more give prominence to strengthening management , further change their functions , transform their work methods and style , and greatly enhance their standard of service and work efficiency .
comprehensively strengthening management is an urgent task at present .
we must further realize that after china joins the world trade organization , our opening to the world will enter a new stage , and we will be facing ever more intense international competition ; this is both a fine opportunity and also a severe challenge .
if we fail to set high standards and strict demands in management , it will be hard to enhance china 's economic competitiveness and ability to resist risks .
hence , whether in seriously implementing the guidelines , policies , and measures laid down or adapting to the demands of developments , we must have the sense of urgency to vigorously grasp management , and achieve marked results as soon as possible .
there is no light and handy path to follow in reforming and developing china 's state enterprises , and we must honestly improve and strengthen their operational management and establish a set of modern enterprise systems .
the state enterprises must turn their vision inward and be strict in managing their affairs , centering around building modern enterprise systems and achieving the target of reform and extrication from difficulty .
we must further rectify the enterprise leadership groups , and in particular select young cadres with ability and political integrity to augment the enterprise leadership groups .
the people 's bank of china must step up its study of methods for comprehensively checking on the commercial banks , formulate a set of scientific index systems , and make a correct evaluation of the operational state of the commercial banks , so as to truly implement the responsibility system and ensure impartiality in giving awards and punishments .
we must vigorously straighten out social credit , and strictly enforce discipline in settling accounts .
the establishment of supervisory boards in large and medium - sized state enterprises and key financial institutions must be carried on ; these boards are appointed by the state council and are responsible to it , and they represent the state council in exercising supervision over the quality of state assets and the state of maintaining and increasing value .
third , further straighten out and regulate order in the circulation and construction centers and intensify market supervision and control .
at present violations of law of various kinds are still quite serious in china 's circulation field , and some continue despite repeated prohibition ; these seriously affect and interfere with the normal development and operation of socialist market economy .
hence , we must severely and ruthlessly crack down , according to law , on the manufacture and sale of counterfeit , fake , and inferior goods , smuggling and peddling of contraband , and other illegal commercial swindles .
at the same time , we must resolutely put a stop to various kinds of local protectionism and abnormal competition practice such as carving up or blockading markets , and ensure normal market order with fair competition , to promote the establishment of a unified market throughout the country .
we must achieve marked results in straightening out the construction market this year .
construction , survey , design , building , and project supervisory units must take responsibility for project quality ; those who violate project quality regulations must be resolutely punished according to law .
in devoting great efforts to comprehensively strengthening management , it is essential to straighten out rules and establish systems , cure both the symptoms and the cause , and establish and put on a sound basis strict responsibility systems .
if people do not comply with the rules or have no set blueprints , it is essential to ensure that there are rules to follow , that they are followed , and that violators are held accountable .
the most important thing in strengthening management is to work in the spirit of being highly responsible to the party and the people , and be bold in sticking to principles and tackling tough problems .
otherwise , strengthening management will turn out to be just empty talk .
comrade jiang zemin emphasized at the fourth plenary session of the central commission for discipline inspection : " in governing the party it is first necessary to govern the party , and the party must be governed in strict fashion . "
we must seriously implement the spirit of comrade jiang zemin 's important speech , grasp stepping up the building of honest government and struggling against corruption as an important content of being strict in managing government affairs , and promote the all - round strengthening and deepening of management .
strengthening the building of honest government and punishing corruption are related to the rise or fall of the state .
the government must be honest , hardworking , pragmatic , and efficient , and it must put honesty in first place .
it must first be honest , and then hardworking ; without these two attributes , it fundamentally does a disservice to the people .
it cannot be hardworking , pragmatic , or efficient unless it is honest .
ours is the people 's government , and the fundamental duty of the people 's government is to wholeheartedly serve the people , and exercising honest administration is the most elementary demand .
there is an old saying that rulers must be upright .
the government organs at all levels and all their work personnel must succeed in being upright and honest , scrupulously carry out their duties , and not disappoint the people 's earnest expectations .
an important reason why corruption continues despite repeated prohibition is that certain departments and units fail to educate , manage , and supervise the cadres .
it is essential to further deepen the reform of the administrative and management system , intensify the supervision and constraint mechanism , strictly carry out the laws and regulations and systems , and prevent and cure corruption right from its beginnings .
however , when they arrived at the great hall of the people today as the first group , they lined up and entered the hall in perfect order , instead of in a relatively scattered manner just like they did in the past .
this npc deputy from the pla proposes that the npc should draw up as soon as possible the " national defense mobilization law " and the " war mobilization law " to provide legal stipulations for the overall requirements and the overall issues concerning the national defense mobilization .
he added : air attack constitutes the major operation form of wars under the high - tech condition .
we should also realize the scattered distribution of key targets and the covered distribution of key projects and build well the urban people 's air defense system .
because of the exposure of the problem of " falungong , " we more clearly understand that it is of utmost importance and urgency to strengthen the party s ideological and political work in the new period .
facts prove that if marxism and proletarian thoughts do not occupy the field of ideology , various non - marxist and non - proletarian thoughts , and even anti - marxist thoughts , will occupy it .
in our ideological and cultural work , we promote letting a hundred schools of thought contend . however , the goal of letting a hundred schools of thought contend is meant to develop marxism and socialist thoughts and cultures .
if the leading position of marxism is shaken , people will lose their correct ideological basis for making progress together and will be caught in ideological turmoil . this is very dangerous . currently , some party member cadres are confused about or even are wayward in their ideals in communism and beliefs in socialism .
we must conscientiously investigate and study various social developments as well as the new situations and changes in the masses ' spiritual development . we must target the masses ' real problems and do well our work of ideological education and guidance .
this is an important starting point in the work of strengthening the party 's ideological and political work .
what we are developing is a socialist market economy , so we must form a moral standard for the socialist market .
in terms of development project , investment pattern , enterprise organization , business management , goods production , and sales service , it is necessary to act according to the market law and compete under the principle of being just , fair , and open .
the development of the western region is a great strategic plan , in which the government plays a very important role .
third , it is necessary not only to accelerate speed but , more importantly , to improve quality .
in developing the western region , we should not concentrate on development speed alone , but should integrate development speed with quality improvement .
fifth , close attention should be paid to protecting the environment and resources .
sixth , infrastructure construction , such as communications and transportation , communication network , and water and electricity supply , should be speeded up .
seventh , educational and scientific undertakings should be developed .
eighth , it is necessary to exchange resources for capital .
ninth , financial support for the development of the western region should be intensified .
tenth , construction of small cities and towns should be speeded up .
in the past , the report on the work of the npc standing committee was always made by a vice chairman of the npc standing committee .
making a report on the work of the npc standing committee by the chairman himself is the first time in the history of china 's npc .
observers in beijing held that there are three reasons as follows : first , making the report by the chairman has reflected the acceptance of suggestions by npc deputies .
over the past two years , the ninth npc continued to work and make improvements in a pioneering manner on the basis of work done in previous years , adopted new thinking and new work methods in light of the new situation , and made new and solid progress in its work .
npc deputies have commented favorably on the work of npc during the past two years and suggested that chairman li peng personally make a report .
second , making the work report by the chairman in person shows that he attaches importance to the work of the npc .
after reading the report extensively , we can see that the report devotes about half of its space to explain this year 's work of the npc standing committee . " concentrating on the central task , seeking breakthroughs in difficult legislative work and raising the quality of legislation " are listed in the first place .
the work of " achieving breakthroughs in difficult legislative work " now has a solid foundation .
during 1999 , " important achievements " were made in legislative work , and thus " making another stride in initially forming a socialist legal system with chinese characteristics within the current legislative term . "
the goal of " achieving breakthroughs in legislative work " is to compile a relatively complete civil code . if the work can be accomplished within this term of the npc , it will be a major breakthrough in npc 's legislative work .
the supervision work of the ninth npc is characterized by its clear planning , early arrangements , breakthroughs in key issues , concrete measures , and solid efforts to make progress despite difficulties .
in the current report , chairman li peng stressed the need to forbid formalism in supervision work .
compared with last year 's report , li peng emphasized that in making investigations , it is necessary to arrive without pomp and go down to the grassroots level .
in his report , in addition to stressing " legislative work " and " supervision , " chairman li peng has also attached great importance to promoting exchanges with foreign parliaments and giving full play to the role of deputies from hong kong and macao .
chairman li peng pointed out : since last year , npc delegations have made contacts with us congressmen of both parties and held " frank dialogs and opened channels for constant exchanges " on the taiwan issue , the tibet issue , the human rights issue , and religion and other issues .
as to npc 's " exchanges and cooperation with parliaments of other countries and international organizations " in the future , chairman li peng noted the need to " further create a new situation . "
the part in dealing with foreign affairs in the report has explained that npc will take the initiative to further develop its role in the foreign affairs arena .
besides , in looking into the future npc work , the progress of the work of npc deputies from hong kong and macao has been listed in the paragraph on " relying on the deputies to further improve the work of the npc standing committee " of the current report .
the report holds that npc deputies from hong kong and macao can play a dual role .
the report has pointed out : " since the return of hong kong to the motherland , the npc deputies from hong kong special administrative region have been very enthusiastic in taking part in managing state affairs and they have conscientiously carried out their duties .
the npc deputies from macao special administrative region have also organized an independent group to take part in managing state affairs in the current session .
wu jichuan said : at present , we are evaluating and approving the " regulations governing the telecommunications industry " which includes internet operations .
he said : telecommunications charges are uneven in china . charges on international calls and domestic long - distance calls within china are relatively high . however , among the 206 cities across the world , china 's charges on local calls and mobile phone calls are relatively low . consequently , we must structurally readjust telecommunications charges .
he said : at present , china maintains unified accounts on charges for domestic and international operations . to attain international standards , we should , first of all , separate the accounts on charges for domestic and international operations .
he is very capable . "
he also said smilingly he had to learn from him .
how do npc deputies from hong kong take an active part in the management of state affairs and exercise their functions in line with the principle of " one country , two systems " ?
at the recent npc session , an explicit definition has been given to this issue .
as it is known to all , " one country , two systems " is a complete concept .
we should first uphold " one country " ; in other words , we must ensure a unified state sovereignty and tolerate no separatism .
it is china 's long - term basic national policy that following the return of hong kong and macao as well as the final settlement of the taiwan issue , china will establish special administrative regions in these three areas and allow them to continue practicing their original capitalist system .
the autonomy of a high degree is endowed to a special administrative region by the central government through the basic law .
the hong kong basic law is a national law , which should be observed not only by hong kong but by the entire country as well .
both hong kong and china 's inland areas have the responsibility to implement the concept of " one country , two systems . "
neither will inland areas interfere in the affairs of the hong kong special administrative region [ sar ] .
when hong kong npc deputies are attending npc sessions and are exercising functions as npc deputies , they are participating in the management of the state affairs of the socialist country .
when they are residing in hong kong between sessions , they are the citizens of the hong kong sar , and will enjoy the same rights as those enjoyed by hong kong residents .
affairs that fall within the jurisdiction of hong kong 's high - degree autonomy have already been clearly stipulated in the basic law : hong kong 's chief executive is responsible for the administration of hong kong , and the chief executive holds himself responsible to both the central government and the special administrative region .
a special administrative region needs a leader in its implementation of the basic law , and this leader is the chief executive .
so long as all of us can work with one heart and one mind , hong kong 's affairs can surely be handled satisfactorily .
in china , the implementation of the ninth five - year plan for environmental protection and the long - term goals for the year 2010 , the system for controlling the total quantity of pollutant , and the program of cross - century green project is under way without a hitch and has made substantive progress .
by the end of 1997 , there were 7,617 environmental protection enterprises in china , with the total fixed assets amounting to 62.09 billion yuan . they have formed a pattern under which the state - owned enterprises are developing alongside the township collective enterprises and private enterprises .
at present , the countries that hold a dominant position in the international markets of environmental protection industries are mainly the united states , germany , and japan .
in 1993 , the volume of trade in the world environmental protection markets was $ 356 billion , and by 2000 , it will rise to $ 600 billion , which is a very huge market space .
this calls for the chinese environmental protection enterprises to concentrate their efforts on the invigoration of national environmental protection industries . if they take a passive attitude to evade challenges and stick to the old practice of mechanical development rather than actively participate in international competition , they will eventually lose the domestic markets as well .
the foreign environmental protection enterprises introduced the mechanism of competition a relatively long time ago , took the market as an orientation for developing production , and acquired the advantage in structure that was developed earlier than others .
it is not as simple as building some large projects , " said wang lequan , a deputy to the national people 's congress , and secretary of the party committee of xinjiang uygur autonomous region , in an interview with this reporter .
wang lequan said : the extensive development of western regions constitutes a major readjustment of the layout of china 's modern economic development .
this is not only a geographic concept but also a kind of concept that embodies the economic development situation .
to develop the west , the state will certainly invest enormous funds in it . however , instead of depending on state investment , xinjiang should give full play to its own efforts , because the opportunity can be seized with its own efforts only .
how much opportunity it can seize depends on how much effort it makes .
when practicing the strategy of extensively developing western regions , it is necessary to conduct scientific appraisal in line with actual circumstances and accelerate the preparations in all aspects .
in this aspect , xinjiang has plenty of opportunities . for instance , there are such " red industry " as tomatoes , safflowers , and wolfberry . there are also many unique melons and fruits .
xinjiang will also intensify the prospecting of natural petroleum gas resources and the chemical industrial resources , two of xinjiang 's three major industries .
xinjiang will do realistic and reliable work to facilitate the early start of the magnificent project of " transmitting gas from the west to the east , " to shanghai .
at the same time , we will gradually carry out the plan of " building another beautiful grand northwest . "
wang lequan maintained : in carrying out the strategy of extensively developing western regions , there are still many unfavorable factors in xinjiang , the most serious one of which is the factor of people .
xinjiang is a region where a variety of ethnic nationalities live in compact communities and where a variety of languages are used .
thus , it is particularly important and urgent to rapidly train professionals and improve the quality of the entire labor force .
beijing , 10 mar ( xinhua ) - - last spring , the second session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] made a constitutional amendment , affirming the position and role of individual , private , and other non - public economies as an important component part of the socialist market economy .
members of the ninth national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] warmly discussed the gratifying changes in this aspect at third session of the committee , and also actively offered their proposals and advice and made frank comments on how to further develop the non - public economies .
they not only absorbed large quantities of rural surplus labor force , but also absorbed large numbers of workers being laid off by state - owned enterprises . in 1998 , more than 4.6 million people were absorbed by these enterprises . "
in recent years , some people - owned enterprises also made investment in the central and western regions in response to the party and the government 's call , opened up rural markets , and used their concrete actions to promote economic development in the less developed areas .
committee member jin yi said : " the situation in jiangxi shows that non - public economies have become a major pillar of the county economies . the development conditions of the non - public economies have become a key factor that determines the growth speed of the county economies . "
difficulties in implementing the support policies and in providing the national treatments [ subhead ] " now , no one still openly indicates that importance should not be attached to the development of non - public economies , but in some areas , those in authority only pay lip service to the development of non - public economies . "
it is also hard to implement the financial policies .
most non - public enterprises are operating by renting land or property , and cannot take much fixed assets as collateral or find guarantor institutions . as a result , it is very difficult for them to contract loans from the banks as working funds .
individual and private enterprises are facing many " managing " institutions , and find it hard to engage in a lawsuit .
committee member li zuke said : individual and private enterprises are beyond the management of the governments , but they are still facing the " management " of many institutions .
events of infringing upon the legitimate rights and interests of the enterprises occur from time to time . due to the lack of pertinent laws and regulations , individual and private enterprises find it hard to file complaints and launch a lawsuit .
some enterprises simply stop lodging complaints while being victimized and just take the events as their bad luck , or resort some illegal means to seek " justice . "
such state of affairs should be changed .
find the right positions again , turning themselves into modern enterprises , upgrading their own quality [ subhead ] " most owners of non - public enterprises do business according to their intuition in the market competition , and are short of the basic expertise in industrial management . "
wu zhendde , vice chairman of the democratic league central committee and vice chairman of the cppcc sichuan provincial committee , said , " when their products are in shortage on the market , such operational mode may still grasp some opportunities by luck .
when products become abundant , without a certain level of management means and business insight , it will be hard for them to continue to survive and develop . "
wu zhengde said : non - public enterprises should change their developmental mode of being " small and comprehensive , " and reshape themselves in the orientation of being " small and specialized and streamlined . "
they need to correctly grasp the trend of the market , and carry out technological innovations .
entrepreneurs who run the non - public enterprises should pay attention to " upgrade " themselves .
committee member xia shouchun said , " we should place the development of non - public economies in the across - the - board plan for national development so that a joint force can be created in the adjustment of the industrial structure while meeting with the challenges from global integration .
beijing , 10 mar ( xinhua ) - - some 10 years ago , zhang hongwei was merely a responsible person of an engineering team in harbin .
now , his business , the eastern group , has established its footholds in dozens of countries and regions in the world .
speaking of competition , cppcc member zhang hongwei says : the economic globalization trend has intensified competition in the market .
setting up a number of big internationally competitive transnational companies based on modern enterprise management is the only choice that china should make if it is to stand firm in the world economy .
only by " doing both at the same time , " he adds , can we have a big motive power for our economic takeoff . " international competition is not an empty talk , but a test of strength between real entities , " says cppcc member xu guanju .
for this reason , he says , we should encourage robust enterprises to make investments and set up plants abroad , develop processing trade , or engage in such overseas business projects as cooperative development of resources , contractual construction work , and labor cooperation .
cultivate competitive businesses and become a strong country the cppcc members have made this comment : with the in - depth progress of china 's reform and opening up , chinese products are gaining a more and more important position in the international market , and the " made in china " tag has become commonplace .
so far , however , few chinese brands are well - known internationally .
there is no denying the fact that chinese - invested overseas enterprises are comparatively small businesses , their scales far below the average of those of developed countries .
in addition , we must boost the competitiveness of our big enterprises , including transnational companies , by improving the properties and quality of their products , lowering their production costs and product prices , and raising the level of their after - sales service .
just as cppcc member chen kaizhi has said , at the crucial movement of the turn of the century , we should focus on cultivating a number of enterprises with great potentials so that they may distinguish themselves and display our national strength on the international arena .
the cpc has taken marxism as its guiding ideology since the day it was founded .
recalling the past and comparing it with the present , the deputies and committee members pointed out that the banner is the soul of the party 's ideological and political work .
this has been proven not only by the practice of the chinese revolution and construction in the past , but also by the great practice of building socialism with chinese characteristics since the launch of reform and opening up .
in particular , since the launch of reform and opening up , with the shift of the party 's work focus to " centering on economic work , " emancipating the mind and seeking truth from facts have imbued the process as the core of the party 's ideological and political work .
the reason why ( paul kochakin ) has immortal vitality lies in his staunch ideals and faith and his high - spirited attitude to life .
encouraging people with outstanding artistic works is an important aspect of ideological and political work .
in particular , the cpc central committee 's decisive handling of the " falun gong " problem last year enabled the cadres and masses to gain further understanding of the importance and urgency of stepping up and improving ideological and political work .
ideological and political work is essential in cultivating a high - quality force to give the enterprise cohesion .
deputy wang zhaohua , deputy secretary of the fengning county cpc committee in hebei , held that the " three stresses " education is an important exploration in party building in the new period and also an important form of ideological and political work .
the deputies and committee members have fully endorsed this , holding that the more that reform and opening up proceed , the more must ideological and political work be stepped up ; and the more that this is done , the more can it spur the healthy development of reform and opening up .
deputy zhang weiji , secretary of the general party branch of nanling village of buji town in longgang district of shenzhen , spoke of how he is still moved by the scene when general secretary jiang zemin inspected nanling village .
" think of the source when getting rich , advance in thinking when getting rich " ; this is general secretary jiang zemin 's call to the cadres and masses , especially those in regions where development is relatively fast .
guangdong 's npc deputies said : building socialism with chinese characteristics includes the two aspects of developing material civilization and socialist spiritual civilization , and it is necessary to achieve coordinated economic and social development and all - round progress .
faced with the imminent new century , the deputies and committee members pointed out that china 's future brilliance must be forged by high - quality talent .
cppcc national committee member zuo tieyong , fellow of the chinese engineering academy , said that the cultivation of ideological and moral qualities reflects the quality of talent at a deeper level than specialized knowledge and ability , and is the most fundamental and important aspect of education in all - round quality .
the " falun gong " phenomenon which appeared not long ago shows that there are still weak links in ideological and political work .
it is necessary to bring into play the role of the ideological and political work departments , and also depend on all sectors of society , to form a combined force in ideological and political work .
in the negotiation process for china 's wto bid , 37 members asked to conduct bilateral negotiations with china .
according to shi guangsheng , china is speeding up its negotiations with the remaining 11 members . its negotiations with several of them have basically been completed or are nearing completion , with bilateral agreements due to be signed soon .
both of them also exchanged views on other issues of common concern .
beijing , 10 march ( xinhua ) - - the ninth standing committee meeting of the ninth cppcc [ chinese people 's political consultative conference ] national committee was held in beijing this afternoon .
entrusted by a meeting of the cppcc national committee chairmen , zheng wantong , secretary general of the cppcc national committee , reported to the meeting on the situation and progress of the third session of the ninth cppcc national committee and the main situation of its panel discussions .
the 48 groups of members have held seven rounds of panel discussions respectively .
this has fully attested that the cpc central committee and the state council have set much store by and given support to the cppcc work and has embodied a democratic style on the part of the third - generation leading collective of the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core .
the members also advanced some views on how to revise this year 's government work report . the secretariat of the session has generalized and passed on those views to the general office of the state council .
zheng said : the members generally held that the work report of the standing committee of the cppcc national committee is a report aimed at seeking truth from facts and marked by comprehensive contents , clear - cut emphases , concise wordings , and salient characteristics .
moreover , the members also put forth some views on how to revise the work report , which have been summed up and divided into some 40 categories .
the secretariat of the session has instructed the document drafting group to conscientiously revise the work report in accordance with the members ' views , stressing : the work report should be revised in accordance with the members ' views wherever it may or may not be revised .
the meeting mourned with deep grief the loss of gongtangcang danbeiwangxu and xie xide , two standing committee members who had passed away due to sickness , since the eighth standing committee meeting of the ninth cppcc national committee .
beijing , 10 mar ( xinhua ) - - wen jiabao , member of the political bureau of the cpc central committee and vice premier of the state council , recently attended , as a deputy to the national people 's congress , the discussion of shaanxi delegation on the government work report .
wen jiabao said : the extensive development of western regions was a grand systems engineering involving various economic and social aspects .
when studying and making plans , we should proceed from reality , observe the objective law , and give full consideration to various localities ' natural and geographical conditions as well as the real condition of economic and social development in order to make the plans more scientific .
wen jiabao said : in extensively developing western regions , we must have good ideas .
to this end , we should actively promote the transformation of economic structure and economic growth pattern and strive to improve the utilization efficiency of natural resources in western regions , the utilization benefit of funds , and the quality of economic growth .
for this , we should conduct scientific study and appraisal of the major problems related to the west development , organize the vast numbers of scientists and technicians to plunge into the main battlefield of the development , and vigorously create conditions and apply advanced sciences and technology to accelerate the development of western regions .
he said : we should make positive explorations , summarize experience in a timely manner , suit measures to local conditions , and give different guidance based on different situations .
we should give full play to political advantages to mobilize the whole society to support the development of the west .
every time china increases its military spending , the western media will certainly play up the move and link with the so - called " china threat theory . "
however , such a phenomenon was rather rarely seen this year .
the military will get a pay increase of about 30 percent this year , which is not considered an enormous rise compared to local cadres in terms of salary and allowances .
at a news conference , chinese foreign ministry spokesman zhu bangzao pointed out : the proportion of defense expenditures against china 's gross national product [ gnp ] and national financial expenditures has actually dropped , despite the continual growth in the absolute sum of defense budget since the 1980 s .
compared to the state budgets of the united states and japan , in china 's state budget , expenditures for national defense are very low .
recently , the us government put forth an national defense budget bill for the next fiscal year , in which the general military expenditure will amount to $ 305.4 billion , a rise of $ 14.4 billion over the previous year or the increased portion about the same as china 's general military expenditure for the entire year .
this shows china 's per capita military expenditure is at such a low level .
nevertheless , the chinese army , which is celebrated for its industriousness and stamina , can bring its enthusiasm and creativity into full play , push national defense and army modernization to a new stage , and enhance its defense combat capability to a new level .
when speaking at a meeting of the chinese people 's liberation army [ pla ] deputies to the npc attending a npc session , chairman jiang zemin pointed out : last year the army and armed police forces withstood the trials from three major political struggles and made new progress in comprehensive construction .
the stronger our national defense strength is , the greater the guarantee for our country 's security and fulfillment of the great cause of reunification will be .
at the npc session and group meeting , central military commission members fu quanyou , yu yongbo , wang ke , and wang ruilin said : the pla is a great wall of steel guarding our motherland and is shouldering a sacred mission to defend national security and territorial integrity and safeguard the reunification of the motherland .
at his speech at the npc session , a certain military region 's deputy commander said : china has made full military preparations .
meanwhile , on the same occasion , a local military commander proposed the npc enact a " national defense mobilization law " or a " war mobilization law " as soon as possible in view of the present situation and work out legal provisions concerning issues of overall significance .
he stressed that the eastern coastal areas should advance in greater strides in taking the lead in realizing modernization in main areas .
the principle of expanding domestic demand should be firmly carried out , thus guaranteeing the sustained , high speed , and healthy development of the national economy .
second , it is necessary to carry out strategic adjustments of the economic structure , and enhance the quality of efficiency of economic growth .
fourth , it is necessary to further deepen the economic structural reform with focus on reforms in state - owned enterprises , and further improve and perfect the socialist market economic structure .
the scope of opening up should be further expanded .
while continuing to do a good job in attracting foreign funds and technologies , it is also necessary to pursue the opening strategy of " going out " and enhance the international competitive power of our country 's enterprises and products .
sixth , it is necessary to further enhance the level of our people 's material and cultural lives , and make our people better - off on the basis of reaching the standard of being comparatively well - off .
gong zheng , a deputy from jiangxi , said that the judicial contingent in general has carried out intensive education and revamp with significant results .
in the struggle against the cult organization " falungong , " the judicial contingent strictly applied the criminal law and relevant judicial explanations and sternly cracked down on criminal activities of organizing and using cult organizations to undermine enforcement of laws , cause deaths , and obtain state secrets illegally .
recent sentencing of hu changqing for his crimes of taking bribes , offering bribes , and possessing enormous wealth of ambiguous origin shows that the judicial contingent has investigated major cases thoroughly and resolutely , no matter what departments and who are involved , thus further indicating the party and country 's determination to fight corruption and crimes .
the act of abusing one 's power in exchange for money is polluting the social trend , causing extremely severe harm and affecting economic development and social stability .
member chen kaichi said that , in recent years , some verdicts of the people 's courts were not enforced and legal rights and interests of litigants were not protected in a timely and effective way , to which the masses have expressed strong opinions .
establishment and perfection of these systems will provide a strong and powerful guarantee for promoting governing of the country according to law and for building our country 's socialist market economy .
jiang zemin attentively listened to their speeches and frequently discussed some issues with the deputies .
after the liberation , shanxi has become an important base of energy resources and heavy chemical industry , and energetically supported the economic construction of the entire country .
we must deepen our understanding , intensify our sense of urgency , and enhance our consciousness and initiative in the structural adjustment .
jiang zemin emphasized that the economic structural adjustment should be taken as the principal point for concentrated efforts in the economic work this year and in a period of time to come , and that the structural adjustment should be accelerated in the course of economic development and economic development be promoted by the structural adjustment .
it is necessary to pay particular attention to the following aspects : 1 ) stabilizing and strengthening the position of agriculture as the foundation , further stepping up the construction of agricultural infrastructure facilities , protecting cultivated land , and heightening the ability of agricultural comprehensive production .
2 ) adjusting the industrial structure and product mix , cutting down the excessive production capabilities , reducing the industries that produce unmarketable products , and shutting down and eliminating the enterprises using backward technologies , polluting environment , wasting resources , and lacking conditions for safe production .
3 ) adjusting the structure of the enterprises which are excessively decentralized and unable to form a sufficient scale , and vigorously pushing forward enterprises ' association , merger , and reorganization .
4 ) using new high technology to transform the traditional industries and adjusting and transforming the old industrial bases to enable the traditional industries and old industrial bases to radiate new vitality .
6 ) energetically developing the tertiary industry , particularly in such trades as information , finance , tourism , service , and so on , and broadening the paths for employment .
7 ) promoting the rational distribution and coordinated development of the regional economy and urban - rural economy , making efforts to display the advantages of various localities , and reasonably developing and utilizing resources to bring about the healthy development of the regional economy .
while vigorously developing the new hi - tech industries and transforming the traditional industries , we should positively develop the labor - intensive industries in light of china 's national conditions , as they call for smaller investment and absorb more labor forces .
it is necessary to positively import advanced applicable technologies , enhance our ability to make innovation by ourselves , and vigorously develop new technology and new craft that have our own intellectual property rights .
the crux of scientific and technological advancement and innovation lies in the talented personnel , so we must concentrate our efforts on cultivating scientific and technological talent . in particular , we must create conditions for bringing up young scientific and technological talent , and set up incentive mechanisms to release and display their initiative and creativity .
meanwhile , on the premises of persistently taking the public economy including the state - owned , collective , and other economic sectors as the main body , we should positively encourage and guide the development of the nonpublic economy including the individual , private , and other economic sectors .
fifth , in accelerating the structural adjustment , it is imperative to properly perform the mass work and maintain social stability .
jiang zemin pointed out that the strategy for the large - scale development in west china put forth by the central authorities is aimed at expediting the development in the central and western regions and promoting the coordinated development of the regional economy .
since reform and opening up , particularly since the middle of 1980 's when the state started the development of assisting the poor on a large scale in a planned way , tremendous achievements have been scored by china in its poverty relief work .
in the impoverished areas , the solution of the food and clothing problem for the masses should be taken as the most important and urgent task at the moment , which should be placed in the foremost position for accomplishment .
the initial stage refers to the historical stage in which the situation of the impoverished population accounting for a large proportion and the people 's living standards being comparatively low will be gradually changed so that the entire people will become comparatively prosperous .
after the state 's plan of resolving the 80 million people 's food and clothing problem in seven years is carried out , the task of poverty relief will not come to an end . instead , it will enter a new stage .
jiang zemin said emphatically : at present , to do a good job of poverty relief and push forward the rural economic development , first , we should adhere to the principle of assisting the poor through development .
to this end , it is necessary to vigorously reinforce the capital construction on irrigation and water conservancy , improve the production and living conditions , help the poverty - stricken masses develop farm production , animal raising , and fish breeding , and steadily resolve the problem of food and clothing .
second , we should accelerate the development in education , popularize applicable techniques , and universally elevate the laborers ' quality .
in the impoverished areas , agriculture holds a large proportion in the economy , the source of peasants ' income mainly depends on agriculture , and a considerable portion of the local financial revenue also comes from agriculture .
it is necessary to develop agriculture with high yield , fine quality , and great efficiency , heighten the economic results of agriculture , and increase peasants ' incomes .
beijing , 10 mar ( xinhua ) - - the third session of the ninth national people 's congress (npc) held its fourth meeting at the great hall of the people this morning to listen to reports on the work of the supreme people 's court and the supreme people 's procuratorate .
jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , hu jintao , wei jianxing , li lanqing and other party and state leaders were seated on the rostrum .
the level of trying cases and implementing rulings should be further raised , new achievements should be made in court reform , and new progress should be made in the building of personnel .
han zhubin , procurator general of the supreme people 's procuratorate , made a report to the meeting on the work of the supreme people 's procuratorate .
he said in 1999 , procuratorial organs at all levels severely cracked down on serious crimes according to law , and made positive contribution to safeguarding social stability .
han zhubin said procuratorial organs at all level must persistently regard the quality of handling cases as the lifeline of law - enforcement work , and persistently take the people 's satisfaction as the highest standard .
they must punish criminals , help those who have taken a wrong step in life , educate those who have made mistakes , protect the innocent , and support reformers .
the npc deputies and cppcc members raised the view that judicial justice is a fundamental guarantee for promoting the implementation of the principle of ruling the country by law .
if the masses lose their confidence in their judicial organs , the image of the party and government among the masses will be seriously undermined . thus , the phenomenon of judicial corruption simply cannot be taken lightly .
there is a close relationship between judicial justice and the protection of the interests of the masses by judicial organs .
injustice in law enforcement and corruption in the judiciary have occurred from time to time .
the npc deputies and cppcc members were deeply aware of the seriousness of the problem of violation of law and discipline among a handful of judicial officials .
npc deputy sun guihua [ 1327 2710 5478 ] , an old - timer in judicial work , said : judicial justice is the basic requirement for ruling the country by law . it is the strong aspirations of the masses and the lifeline of judiciary organs .
if a society loses judicial justice , it cannot begin to talk about social justice .
turning ardent hopes into a powerful drive the ardent hopes of npc deputies and cppcc members have turned into a powerful drive in improving the work of the " two supremes , " and a substantial step forward has been taken .
if you want to work with iron , you must be tough yourself .
having learned from the opinions and suggestions of npc deputies and cppcc members , the " two supremes " made continuous attempts to improve their mechanism of constraint and intensified their reform and rectification .
this produced a strong response from the public , who hailed it as " trial under the sun . "
the supreme people 's court and the supreme people 's procuratorate unfolded activities of education , rectification and law - enforcement inspection in an all - round way with salient problems among their officials in mind .
" personal favor cases , " " social connection cases " and " money cases " became the key targets of this education and rectification .
in october 1997 , the standing committee of the hainan provincial people 's congress passed the regulations on the investigation of wrongly - charged cases .
through practice , " the investigation of wrongly - charged cases " was promoted throughout the country . this effectively checked and prevented corruption in law enforcement .
since implementing the system of investigating wrongly - charged cases , hangzhou has called to account 13 people who were responsible for the trial of these cases .
sincere efforts have won the genuine support of npc deputies and cppcc members .
as an old deputy , i will give positive support and assistance to the judicial organs in their judicial and procuratorial work .
they saw the strengthening of supervision as an important measure for ensuring judicial justice .
npc deputy yu wanling [ 0060 8001 1545 ] said : as the supreme organ of state power , the npc should play a bigger role in judicial supervision .
we must further intensify our efforts , improve on the methods and procedures , and pay attention to quality , in order not to let the people down .
the standing committee of the provincial people 's congress subsequently adopted a resolution dismissing this judge .
in order to beef up the system of supervision and defend judicial justice , it is also necessary to improve the mechanisms of internal supervision and constraint in judicial organs .
jiangsu deputy yu guangzhou [ 0060 1639 3166 ] held that in truly defending the dignity of the law and maintaining judicial justice , the key lies in institutional guarantee .
improving the process of supervision and making it more than a mere form is a new task confronting the judiciary .
these strict measures have built an escape - proof net against corrupt officials in the judiciary .
the masses not only can effectively supervise the judicial process and improve the law - enforcement environment , but can educate themselves in the process .
effective supervision is an important guarantee for judicial justice . we believe that when all law - enforcement personnel are subject to strict supervision and act according to law , the target of judicial justice can definitely be met .
zhang qinhua urged enhancing the training and managing public servants ' education and training , fostering in them the concept of administration according to law , raising work efficiency , and increasing awareness for services .
delegate zhao jun suggested quickening pace of reforming court personnel system and training a contingent of quality judges as soon as possible .
delegate yu tianrui put forth the suggestion of earnestly strengthening grassroots party organization building in rural areas and of raising the quality of grassroots party - member cadres .
first , serving the people wholeheartedly is the fundamental purpose of our party . we should enhance the education of party member cadres , leading cadres in particular , and help them establish a correct world outlook and outlook on life .
punishment should be meted out according to law to whomever who breaches disciplines and violate laws .
third , efforts are needed to stem out areas that breed corruption .
beijing , 10 mar ( xinhua ) - - hu jintao , member of the cpc central committee political bureau and vice president , joined the anhui delegates to the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] on the afternoon of 10 march to examine various reports .
he also said that changing fees into taxes is a fundamental measure to lighten farmers ' burdens and as anhui was made a pilot province to experiment with changing fees into taxes , the preparations work in that regard has been in full swing .
he added that anhui would surely engage in meticulous organization , make conscientious arrangements , and implement measures in a planned manner .
he pointed out that china has always prioritized solving well the problem of feeding 1.2 billion people .
particular attention should be given to preventing the tendency of neglecting , and of becoming lax toward the agriculture , and to further consolidating and enhancing the basic position of agriculture at a time when china is enjoying back - to - back bumper harvests and when china faces structural surpluses in farming output .
there is also a need to gradually establish a sound supervision and encouragement mechanism for grassroots cadres , and to actively explore effective ways and methods of standardizing management of grassroots cadres in rural areas .
at present , both sino - us relations and cross - strait relations are at an extremely important and crucial moment .
despite such a sensitive time , the us government has ignored china 's strong opposition and is ready to sell advanced weapons to taiwan , deliberately undermining sino - us relations and intensifying the tense situation in the taiwan strait .
tang jiaxuan pointed out that what the united states has done has encouraged the arrogance of the splittist forces in taiwan and the united states bears unshirkable responsibility for the tense situation in the taiwan strait .
over a long time , the successive us governments have regarded taiwan as an " unsinkable aircraft carrier " for containing china .
after china and the united states established diplomatic relations , the united states was compelled to withdraw its troops from taiwan , but it immediately adopted the " taiwan relations act " bill and undertook the responsibility of using force to defend taiwan .
this is another attempt , following the " taiwan relations act , " of the us anti - china forces to strengthen us - taiwan ties , and to provide , through domestic legislation , a so - called legal basis for the united states to sell to taiwan various kinds of advanced weapons , equipment , and technology .
what the united states has done has fully revealed its features of hegemony and power politics in interfering in china 's internal affairs , and has enabled the chinese people to see once more that the united states is the biggest obstacle to china 's settlement of the taiwan issue .
therefore , to settle the taiwan issue , it is imperative to get rid of us interference and to properly make preparation for military struggle .
speaking about the taiwan issue on 4 march , president jiang zemin pointed out , " the chinese people have never been afraid of ghosts and have never believed in fallacies . we resolutely oppose any evil move that will endanger the fundamental interests of the chinese nation .
the greater the national defense strength is , the better china 's security and the realization of the great cause of reunification are guaranteed .
sino - us relations are of utmost importance to peace and stability in the asia - pacific region , and to peace and stability of the world as whole .
at present whatever the united states says on the taiwan issue will have a direct bearing on the direction along which sino - us relations will move , and will also have a direct bearing on peace and stability in the taiwan strait and the asia - pacific region .
in what direction will sino - us relations move lies entirely with the united states .
they should seize the opportunity brought by the ' wto accession ' to meet the challenges , " said lu tsung - lin , member of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] from the hong kong special administrative region [ hksar ] and president of the hong kong - mainland international co .
ltd. [ name as transliterated ] .
many members have offered views and suggestions on how hong kong and the mainland should strengthen cooperation .
deputy rita fan hsu lai - tai said such a report made by a big country is quite below the standard .
the hong kong issue mentioned in the report is completely groundless . it says hong kong is a special place for sending illegal immigrants to the united states .
in the process of interpreting the basic law , the npc standing committee respected the views of various quarters and did not interfere in the final decision made by the court of final appeal of the special administrative region .
as a matter of fact , the americans are very clear about this . however , they have deliberately used this as a pretext to attack our human rights situation and interfere in the internal affairs of another country .
beijing , 11 mar ( xinhua ) - - last year , 11 deputies from the beijing municipal people congress , including deputy zhang guochu , suggested : written replies should be given to signed letters of accusations , complaints , and appeals .
after receiving the suggestion from the people congress , the beijing municipal higher people court relayed to people courts in the entire municipality provisions on promptly handling signed letters and other documents of accusation , complaint , and appeal by the masses .
this is a living example of how beijing courts implement suggestions by people congress deputies and the masses .
the beijing municipal people court and procuratorate set up departments and organizations that are specially responsible for handling criticism from people congress deputies and committee members of the chinese people political consultative conference [ cppcc ] .
it also specially invited national people congress [ npc ] deputies who were in beijing , and municipal people congress deputies and cppcc committee members to inspect judicial and procuratorial work , and criticize work by all levels of courts and procuratorates .
to ensure judicial fairness , all levels of courts in beijing implemented the open trial system in 1999 , and the procuratorates implemented the open system for procuratorial matters .
all courts in the municipality opened their gates wide , and opened a passage for the masses to sit as visitors at meetings and for reporters to gather news materials .
to uphold judicial fairness , the judicial organs took a series of new measures to promote impartiality by being open .
the procuratorates implemented a system under which deadlines are set for making replies to reports , complaints , and appeals , and the system of supervisory cards that are clearly displayed to the masses .
at present , courts in the entire municipality have invited more than 150 social supervisors , and produced over 1,200 new people jurors .
nine procuratorates in the entire municipality established expert consultation committees , and employed 76 expert consultation and supervisory members .
the courts established the system of consultations by experts and scholars , and employed 48 considerably high - caliber experts and scholars to serve as members of the higher people court consultation committee , and to provide consultations and proofs for difficult and unprecedented cases .
to ensure that social supervision is widespread , courts and procuratorates adhered to the system of eception days for court presidents and chief procurators .
last year in the entire municipality , 83 court presidents received over 4,500 people on more than 600 occasions , and solved over 3,000 problems facing the masses , including rectifying four erroneous cases .
beijing , 11 mar ( xinhua ) - - the presidium of the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] held its second meeting on the morning of 11 march at the great hall of the people .
li peng , executive chairman of the presidium , chaired the meeting .
this examination report was put to a vote and adopted at the meeting , which will be distributed in printed form to all delegates following the meeting .
guo zhenqian , vice chairman of the npc financial and economic committee , made an examination report on the execution of the central and local government budgets in 1999 and on the draft 2000 central and local government budgets .
the financial and economic committee suggested approval of the state council 's draft 2000 central government budget and agreed to the " report on the execution of the 1999 central and local governments ' budgets and the draft 2000 central and local governments ' budgets " made by finance minister xiang huaicheng at the request of the state council .
beijing , march 11 - - it is that time of the year again , when the spring breeze brings forth the green in trees , for us to be ushering in our 21 st arbor day .
it is an important pioneering move for china 's ecological development to have an arbor day for unfolding a nationwide voluntary tree - planting campaign and launching key forestry and ecological projects in areas with a fragile ecological environment . this move has attracted keen response and active participation from people throughout the country .
over the past 21 years , several billion people have taken part in voluntary tree planting activities nationwide , and more than 32 billion trees have been planted .
the acreage of our man - made forests is the largest in the world , and we have made the historic achievement of scoring continuous growth in afforested area and reserves .
a total of 50 million hectares of trees have been planted in 10 key forestry and ecology projects , and a new pattern of afforestation and ecological development has taken shape .
an ecological environment with green hills and clean rivers has now appeared in certain parts of zhejiang , fujian , guangdong , anhui and hunan , and green corridors have been built along railways , highways and rivers .
however , problems of soil erosion , desertification and frequent drought and flooding still have not been fundamentally checked . they are holding back , even threatening , economic construction and social development .
at the turn of the century , general secretary jiang zemin issued to the nation the great call to rebuild the beautiful mountains and rivers of the motherland . the state council announced the " national plan for building the ecological environment , " which put forward new tasks and requirements for afforestation .
in order to accelerate the pace of afforestation , we need to continuously explore new mechanisms and formulate new methods and measures on the basis of effective practices of voluntary tree planting in the past , and encourage more people to take part in afforestation .
the measure of " offering grain in relief instead of outright grant and contracting afforestation to individual households " in returning land for farming to forestry is also a new creation in the new period .
in order to accelerate afforestation , we need to determine the types of forests to be built , the types of trees to be planted , the method of operation and the mode of management in accordance with the aim of making afforestation dictate utilization , and increase the efficiency and benefits of afforestation .
the western parts of china have very poor natural conditions , and the restoration of vegetation is very difficult in these areas . there , afforestation will depend on the application of science and technology .
in the building of ecological forests for the public good , the important thing is to tackle the issues of increasing the survival and preservation rates of forests and pastures in the arid and semi - arid areas and in river valleys that are both hot and dry .
in the building of commercial forest bases , it is necessary to address the questions of achieving rapid growth , bumper harvest , fine quality and high efficiency .
at present , problems of the indiscriminate felling of trees , the destruction of vegetation , the indiscriminate granting of land - use approval and the uncompensated use of land for afforestation remain serious . with some people chopping trees as others are busy planting them , china 's forested acreage increases very slowly .
the new " forestry law " and the " rules for the implementation of the forestry law " provide effective weapons for the protection of forests .
it is necessary to increase investment and adopt effective measures to strengthen the prevention and treatment of forest pests and diseases in order to protect the achievements of afforestation that have not been easy to come by .
as long as we can exert efforts together , intensify our protection of the ecological environment and persist in our endeavors at afforestation , we will definitely be able to build our motherland into a country with beautiful mountains and rivers .
beijing , 11 mar ( xinhua ) - - the main differences between motions and suggestions , criticisms , and opinions are as follows : 1 .
motions are original bills submitted in line with legal procedures by legal organs and deputies to the people 's congresses and their standing committee meetings for file as meeting agenda . then , people 's congresses and their standing committee meetings should examine and discuss the motions and make decisions .
suggestions , criticisms , and opinions are opinions and suggestions on the work in all fields raised by deputies at people 's congresses and their standing committee meetings . 2 .
motions must be put forward by either legal organs or a legal number of deputies in line with legal procedures .
suggestions , criticisms , and opinions may deal with the work in all areas . 4 .
there are no legal requirements for writing suggestions , criticisms , and opinions . 5 .
during the eight and a half day session , more than 2,000 committee members from various nationalities and sectors freely expressed their views , sought consensus , and pursued development .
a century ago , the cannons of an eight - nation alliance were bombarding china 's gateway ; 50 years ago , the chinese people finally stood up ; today , standing at the threshold of the world , china , which has been completely transformed , is considering and planning a vast blueprint for the new century .
everyone is agreed about that .
the committee members held that this is an encouraging report that seeks truth from facts .
the report is shorter than before , but contains more experiences ; there is less stereotyped and empty talk , and more specialized and technical language . this fully proves that our government is pragmatic , knows the business , and has great energy .
throughout the whole of 4 march , the afternoon of 5 march , and the morning of 7 march , party and state leaders jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , li ruihuan , hu jintao , wei jianxing , and li lanqing separately called on members of 24 panels and took part in their discussions .
the members said that this showed the importance and support given to cppcc work by the cpc central committee and state council , and embodied the democratic style of work of the third - generation leadership collective of the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core .
during the third session of the ninth national committee of the cppcc , more than 40 leaders of the cpc central committee and the state council and responsible persons of ministries and commissions went to listen to the members ' views and suggestions ; never before have as many as 40 done this .
serve overall situation , focus on central tasks a missed opportunity may never come again .
the members said that this shows that the role of motions has become still more conspicuous in the cppcc 's functions of political consultation and democratic supervision , and illustrates the great importance that the standing committee attaches to motions .
as an important channel for participating in and discussing political affairs , the cppcc members ' enthusiasm for submitting motions was very high during the session .
by 1700 on 7 march , the motions group had received a total of 3,316 motions , of which 3,061 had been put on record , the highest number ever .
a further 300 were submitted to the motions group after that deadline , related to the economy , politics , culture , and so on .
the 688 speech materials submitted at the full sessions also set a new record .
serving the overall situation by focusing on the central tasks is a basic principle in cppcc work . as a policy decision of farreaching strategic significance , the great development of west china became a focal issue for the members at this year 's session .
this topic was a category of its own in the speech materials this year , with 120 speech materials on this issue received by the speeches group , nearly one quarter of the session 's speech materials .
one of the full speechmaking sessions specifically concentrated on the great development of the west ; work personnel have told us that this was the first time that the cppcc has had a speechmaking session specifically devoted on one topic .
the members have been concerned for the hot , difficult , and crucial points in china 's onward advance .
- - " great development is not the same as large - scale reclamation of barren land or exploitation of minerals . "
wang dianzuo , president of the china engineering academy and a cppcc national committee member , thus vividly expressed the views of many cppcc members that the development of the west should proceed in parallel with ecological construction .
- - how can hi - tech industry occupy the commanding height ?
- - committee member gu wenqing said it is necessary to establish a perfect supervision mechanism in order to cure both the symptoms and the cause in opposing corruption and promoting honest government .
- - quality education must highlight the spirit of innovation and pioneering and cultivate practical ability .
facing future with full confidence the stately great hall of the people has witnessed the development and strengthening of the republic and also the trials and hardships of the cppcc .
cppcc national committee chairman li ruihuan said at the closing ceremony : " in fulfilling the tasks of reform and development and enhancing the standard of cppcc work , we must make efforts to improve our work methods and vigorously advocate going into the midst of practice . "
as they left the great hall of the people . the members felt the heavy burdens on their shoulders .
some members said , we must be concerned for the major national political and economic issues , carry out thorough investigation and study , and contribute ideas on the great development of the west , expansion of domestic demand , the building of small towns , state enterprise reforms , and so on .
this historical fact fully proves that the great unity of the chinese nation is an important prerequisite for us to accomplish the great cause of reform , opening up , and modernization .
deputy dabeng from the nanyi lhoba autonomous township in tibet 's mainling county explained to these reporters the great significance of national unity by citing the changes in the history of the lhoba nationality .
after the democratic reform , the people of the lhoba nationality , with the solicitude of the party and the government , began to move out of caves in mountains to settle down in a river valley with a smooth terrain , power stations , and highways .
lhoba people brought wasteland into cultivation and developed agriculture , animal husbandry , and sideline production according to local conditions , bringing about a tremendous change in their mode of production .
as a result , the people of the lhoba nationality improved their lives day by day . he said emotionally : " the people of the lhoba nationality are small in number , but we have gained the same political rights as other fraternal nationalities have and are participating in the administration of state affairs .
without the party 's policy toward nationalities , we lhoba people could not have become what we are today . "
he said : we have enforced the " law on regional national autonomy " to protect the legitimate rights and interests of minority nationalities and to maintain the equality and unity of all nationalities , and such practice has harmonized the relationship of various nationalities and brought about a situation favorable to economic development .
in xinjiang , a multinational region , all nationalities ' freedom of faith is respected and protected by law .
npc deputies and members of the cppcc national committee unanimously held that only by consolidating the great national unity will it be possible to achieve progress and prosperity for the whole nation - - this is a kind of precious historical experience the chinese people have gained through practice for thousands of years .
in kashi , various fresh vegetables are now available in the market all the year round .
deputy legqog , also from the snow plateau of tibet said : tibet cannot develop without the support of fraternal nationalities .
these years , tibet and 15 provinces and municipalities , which have provide aid for tibet , have achieved very good results in association and cooperation with each other in various ways and at various levels .
since 1995 , shanghai municipality has assisted tibet in building scores of projects , including the lhasa hospital for infectious diseases , the xigaze water supply project , and the shanghai square in xigaze , expressing the shanghai people 's deep friendly feelings for the tibetan people .
now areas inhabited by minority nationalities are no longer closed to the outside world , markets in such areas have quickly become national ones , and goods made in these areas are entering markets in the interior of the country in an endless stream .
npc deputies and members of the cppcc national committee believed that the increasing economic and technological exchanges between various fraternal nationalities have promoted national economic development , brought about brisk markets , and improved the nation 's international competitiveness .
only by accelerating economic development will we be able to achieve long - term national unity , to ensure social stability , and to bring about the common prosperity of the chinese nation [ subhead ] in socialist construction , areas inhabited by minority nationalities in our country have scored achievements attracting worldwide attention .
owing to the limitations of natural conditions and for historical reasons , however , there is still a certain gap between the minority - nationality regions and the more developed inland and eastern coastal areas in the levels of economic and cultural development .
such a gap has always received the close attention of the party and the government , and the pace of narrowing the gap is being quickened at the turn of the centuries .
unity and stability are a prerequisite and guarantee for development and progress , and the great unity of nationalities can be strengthened and maintained only through development .
history shows that only in the big family of the chinese nation will tibet be able to have opportunities to develop itself and to build a bright future .
based on the opinions of all of the delegations and relevant special committees , the npc finance and economic committee examined the report .
the central financial revenues were 639.6 billion yuan , 51 billion , or 8.7 percent , more than the budget ; the central financial expenditures were 819.3 billion yuan , 50.4 billion , or 6.6 percent , more than the budget .
the central financial deficit was 179.7 billion yuan , 600 million yuan less than the budget ; total local financial surplus was 3.8 billion yuan .
after last year 's central budget was approved , in the light of changes in the domestic and international situations , the party central committee and state council decided to step up implementation of a positive financial policy .
export rebate rates of some commodities were increased twice ; direction regulatory taxes for fixed asset investments were halved ; a tax supportive policy was adopted for some industries and trades .
these policies and measures played a positive role in boosting economic growth and maintaining social stability .
according to the state council 's draft central and local budgets for 2000 , the country 's financial revenues are projected at 1.2338 trillion yuan and the financial expenditures are at 1.4637 trillion yuan , resulting in a central government deficit of 229.9 billion yuan .
computing using last year 's specifications , this year 's central government deficit will be 24.7 billion yuan less than last year .
according to the state council 's draft central government budget for 2000 , the central government 's financial revenues are projected at 690.4 billion yuan , of which 630.6 billion yuan will be revenues of the central government itself and 59.8 billion yuan will be turned to the central government by local governments .
local budgets were separately prepared by local people 's governments at various levels and should be submitted to the local people 's congress at the same level for examination and approval . 3 .
we should regularly re - examine the budgets according to law and monitor re - examinations of the central government budget .
finance departments at all levels should manage things strictly in accordance with the budgets .
all departments and units should strictly execute the approved budgets ; without approval , they are not allowed to make fund readjustments between different budgetary subjects .
the binding authority of the budgets should be enhanced to maintain the seriousness and authoritativeness of the budgets .
( 2 ) we should take into consideration interests of all concerned and assure key expenditures .
we should properly arrange and make use of funds for supporting the great development of the western region and for improving production and living conditions of people living in poor areas .
we should continue to step up infrastructure construction , forcefully support reform and development of state - owned enterprises , and assure expenditures for education , science and technology , agriculture , and national security .
we should enable the budget to better serve the general situation of reform , development , and stability .
( 3 ) we should strive to improve the economic results of fund utilization .
we should properly manage and use all funds , do things strictly according to established procedures , and standardize management work .
we should properly carry out preliminary work for state - invested projects , ensure availability of funds for supportive projects , strictly prohibit embezzlement , and tighten fund supervision and auditing .
( 4 ) we should tighten financial management and rectify the financial and economic orders .
we should further implement the principle of " stepping up taxes collection and management , plugging up loopholes , punishing corruption , and clearing up taxes in arrears " .
we should actively and steadily promote reform of the taxes and fees collection systems .
we should continue to straighten out unauthorized fees collection , fine imposing , and expenses apportioning [ the three illegalities ] in various names . currently , we should especially straighten out the " three illegalities " in rural areas , in enterprises , and in the educational field .
all funds are from the people , so government organs and personnel at all levels , especially leading cadres , should always bear in mind national interests and the masses ' hardship , and treasure funds .
those putting up new office buildings or other buildings for entertainment use , expanding the original buildings , or decorating buildings in a big way , in violation of established regulations ; and those entertaining guests , offering gifts to guests , or indulging in dining and wining using public fund must be severely investigated and punished .
we should sum up experience in a timely manner , improve and refine budget preparation methods , standardize departmental budgets drafting , and expand the scope of departmental budgets drafting .
we should reform the system of budgetary subjects , scientifically establish standards of fund expenditure , straighten out revenues and expenditures of budget units , and reasonably define their work and financial authority .
some people even optimistically predicted that china and the eu would conclude an agreement at the beginning of this year and china 's wto entry was just around the corner .
a reporter of the weekly " jingji daobao , " which just published its latest issue , dispatched back a report telling where the crux of the problem lies .
according to the report , after making an detailed analysis of the contents of the agreement reached by china and the united states , the eu stated that there was still " 20 percent of special interests " calling for negotiations with china .
the impact of this incomprehensible , abnormal mentality should not be underestimated .
moreover , the eu set some conditions for china to follow in entering the wto " in line with the treatment of developed countries , " including that after china gets wto membership , the eu will still impose restrictions on or maintain the quota system on some chinese export commodities .
if china stays outside the wto a little longer , this will naturally ease the pressure on the eu for competition .
deputy shadike kariaji , who is 68 years old and vice chairman of the islamic association in kashi prefecture , has been consecutively elected as an npc deputy for two terms .
deputy shadike kariaji is now also a moslem mullah of the most famous kashi aitida mosque .
he said : " china has enforced a policy of religious freedom . people of various nationalities have freedom to profess a religion or not to profess a religion .
the government protects legitimate rights of all religious believers .
there are more than 20,000 [ as published ] mosques in xinjiang with some 30,000 islamic religious workers .
he is now reading the " report on the work of the government " in uygur language .
he said : " now a handful of people are practicing separatism in the name of religion and sabotaging social stability . the broad masses of religious believers are firmly against such things .
as a representative of the religious circle , i am very much concerned about the massive development in china 's western region like deputies of other nationalities .
deputy legqog , who is chairman of the tibet autonomous regional people 's government , said : in lhasa and tibet , you can see people worshipping buddha everywhere .
tibet has included the tibetan new year and " shoton " and other tibetan festivals as holidays of the autonomous region .
legqog said : " since the beginning of reform and opening up , the state has used more than 300 million yuan and large quantities of gold and silver to repair and protect lamaseries and monasteries in tibet .
the unesco has listed the potala palace as a " world cultural heritage " . this year , tibet will continue to repair the potala palace and sajia and other temples in xigaze included in the national cultural protection list .
this is the best proof of the implementation of the party 's policies on nationality and religious affairs .
the excellent situation of unity of people of various nationalities has created favorable conditions for construction and economic development in xinjiang . after 50 years of construction , infrastructure facilities have been greatly improved in xinjiang and the comprehensive economic power has been significantly strengthened .
only in the great family of nationalities of the socialist motherland , can the prospects of people of various nationalities in xinjiang be better . "
while fully affirming the achievements , we should also note that many difficulties and problems still existed in our economic and social life .
there were mainly such problems : the effective demand was not sufficient ; the contradictions in the economic structure remain prominent ; the employment pressure increased ; peasants ' income increased at a lower rate .
there remained a big gap between the result in fixed capital investment and the target set at the beginning of the year ; and in particular , the investment in technological transformation declined .
the debt burdens borne by state finances continued to increase ; financial fraud became more serious ; financial risks could not be neglected .
environmental pollution and the worsening of the ecological environment remained rather serious in some cities and areas .
in accordance with the opinions of the deputies , the financial and economic commission put forward following proposals .
( 1 ) actively expand domestic demand , keep a comparatively fast growth rate of the national economy .
it is necessary to make efforts to achieve an economic growth rate of about 7 percent this year and achieve other major targets for economic and social development .
it is necessary to support the healthy development of small and medium - sized enterprises , change the low increase rate of social investments .
the income level of workers and low - income residents should be further raised . people should be encouraged to increase consumption . the rural market should be further expanded . consumption in the fields of housing , education , telecommunication , tourism , culture , and sports should be guided and promoted .
efforts should be made to explore the diverse forms of the public ownership system and to advance the work of establishing the modern enterprise system .
small and medium - sized enterprises owned by the state should be enlivened in various forms .
a good job should be done in upgrading technology , updating equipment , lowering energy consumption and costs , increasing the variety of products , enhancing product quality , increasing enterprises ' competitive power , raising their economic efficiency .
while continuing to keep the public - owned economy as the main body , it is necessary to encourage and guide the healthy development of individual , private , and other non - public economic sectors .
the comprehensive agricultural productivity and competitive power should be further enhanced . peasants should be guided to readjust their production structure and develop high - quality , high - efficiency farming .
animal husbandry , forestry , and aquiculture should all be developed . the production of milk and diary products should also be increased .
the rural economic structure should be adjusted . non - farming production should be developed . township and town enterprises ' management and technology should be raised to a higher level .
financial institutional reforms should be further deepened .
the financial order should be straightened out . supervision over banking , securities , and insurance industries should be strengthened . activities of financial fraud should be suppressed . financial risks should be prevented and reduced .
( 5 ) implement the strategy for the great development of china 's west , speed up the development of the central and western areas .
this year , substantial steps should be taken in the implementation of the strategy for the great development of china 's west .
( 6 ) further improve foreign trade , raise the level of opening up to the outside world .
it is necessary to grasp the current favorable opportunity brought about by the improvement of the international economic environment and the advance of the process of our country 's participation in wto , strive to make new increases in foreign trade and in the use of foreign funds . the export management system should be reformed .
the policy for promoting exports should be improved .
the channels and scope of using foreign funds should be expanded .
the investment environment should be improved . the level of using foreign funds should be raised .
severe actions should be further taken to crack down on such criminal activities as evading foreign exchange control , evading taxes , and smuggling , thus safeguarding normal economic and trade order .
( 7 ) implement the strategy for basing national regeneration on science and education and the strategy for sustainable development .
the cultural lives of urban and rural residents should be enriched . socialist spiritual civilization should be advanced .
reform of the public health system should be advanced steadily .
ecological construction and environmental protection should be improved . resolute measures should be adopted in cities and enterprises where environmental pollution is serious . there , responsibilities should be fixed on individual leaders , results in controlling pollution should be achieved within a definite time .
financial input to various social undertakings should be guaranteed , and the use of such funds should achieve better results .
( 8 ) work conscientiously to solve problems which the masses are concerned about , and make great effort to safeguard social stability .
governments at all levels should adjust the expenditure structure , guarantee the issuance of basic livelihood allowances for laid - off workers , pensions for retired personnel , minimum livelihood guarantee allowances for urban residents , and salaries for civil servants in full amounts and on time .
the struggle for building a clean government and against corruption should be carried forward . resolute actions should be taken to promote leading cadres ' honesty and self - discipline . various corrupt conduct should be severely investigated and punished .
after chairing the meeting of the presidium of the third session of the ninth npc , li peng went to the meeting hall of the chongqing delegation to attend the plenary meeting of the delegation .
in line with the work report of the npc standing committee , deputies gan yuping , peng fusheng , li chengkun , sun yongfu , yao jianquan , he guoqiang , and wang yunlong , and comrade bao xuding gave speeches , in succession .
they maintained that the npc standing committee work report , concise and comprehensive , was made from a commanding height , sought truth from facts , better summed up the standing committee 's work in 1999 , and involved strong directions and instructions .
the deputies also gave speeches on chongqing 's economic development , the construction of the reservoir area , the resettlement of the residents living along this area , the readjustment of the economic structure , and the development of the poverty - stricken areas and the areas inhabited by the people of minority nationalities .
after that , li peng gave a speech at the meeting .
however , it is still confronted with some difficulties and undertakes arduous tasks in finding jobs for laid - off workers , supporting the people under the poverty line , helping ailing enterprises get out of their plight , and resettling the people living in the reservoir area .
grasping the opportunity of developing the western areas in a big way and building the three gorges project and making use of our own advantages , we should take market as a direction to readjust the industrial structure , to upgrade the competitiveness of products , and to develop the economy .
small and medium - sized enterprises should operate in line with market demands .
the areas inhabited by the people of minority nationalities should strengthen the construction of highways and some other infrastructure facilities .
localities should first foster confidence in self - development and strive to turn poverty into wealth as quickly as possible .
beijing , 11 mar ( xinhua ) - - after satisfactorily completing its agenda , the third session of the ninth national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference (cppcc) ended at the great hall of the people this afternoon .
the meeting was presided over by cppcc national committee vice chairman ye xuanping .
party and government leaders jiang zemin , li peng , zhu rongji , hu jintao , wei jianxing and li lanqing were seated on the rostrum .
according to the agenda and separately decided by vote , ye liansong , chen guangyuan , chen bangzhu , and zhukang tudengkezhu became additional members on the standing committee of the ninth cppcc national committee .
the correct understanding and effective use of time is of special important significance to our country , nation , cause and comrades .
he pointed out that in the course of exploring the building of socialism with chinese characteristics , comrade deng xiaoping always put the issue of time in a very important position .
we should inherit and carry forward the chinese nation 's spirit of treasuring time as though it were gold and making progress every minute , strengthen our confidence , concentrate our efforts , bury ourselves in hard work , and enable our motherland to move toward modernization in bigger strides .
speaking about " taking part in practice , " li ruihuan said that historical experience is important , the experience of foreign countries is important , and book knowledge is also important . however , all such indirect experience can have real significance only if it is integrated with the reality at present and becomes direct experience .
at present , we are facing many knotting problems and some of them have remained unsolved over a long time . of course , these problems are complicated . however , some of them are the result of divorcing from reality , practice and the masses of people .
depending on practice and the masses of people is the most fundamental way to do all our work well , and is also the most fundamental way to discover and bring up capable personnel .
he said emphasizing practice is the basic way of thinking for the work of people 's political consultation , and is also the task and direction of endeavor of people 's political consultation .
committee members spoke highly of the new achievements in various aspects of work in our country in the past year under complicated circumstances , and put forward many opinions and proposals on promoting reform , opening up and modernization ion our country .
i. human society has entered 2000 ad .
in particular , the invention , spread , and use of paper making , gun powder , printing , and the compass became huge levers advancing changes in human society .
to achieve national independence and liberation , the chinese people carried out arduous struggle , achieved great victories , and eventually established a new china under the leadership of the communist party of china .
the trend toward globalization is accelerating ; the impact of the world market on national economies are becoming more prominent and international competition and cooperation are further deepening .
it is proper to say that as the world is getting smaller amid ever faster development , being slower by one step will lead to a difference of a thousand miles and that missing one opportunity will result in being many years behind .
ancient sages all attached the greatest importance to time , regarding time as speed and power and likening time to money and life ; they regarded the wasting of other people 's time as murder and regarded the wasting of one 's own time as committing slow suicide .
as far as our country and nation are concerned , time means development , future , and fate .
time makes no allowance for anyone , waits for no one , and does not come back .
we should inherit and apply the chinese nation 's spirit of treasuring time and moving with the times and should have firm convictions , concentrate forces , and be devoted to hard work , so that our motherland can reach the splendor of modernization more quickly in the 21 st century .
unity and democracy are the main themes of work of the cppcc and also the basic conditions for our country 's effort to hurry up in the work of achieving development .
our country is in general characterized by unity and stability .
the policy of reform and opening enjoys popular support ; economic development has brought actual benefits to the masses ; the goal of modernization construction has powerful cohesive effects and appeal on the people of the entire country ; and the foundation of unity and stability has been further strengthened .
with a desirable state of popular will , everything will be desirable ; and with stability in popular will , there will be social stability .
without democracy , there will be no socialism and there will also be no socialist modernization .
the socialist cause is a cause of the masses of the people themselves ; the responsibility of the leader is to make the masses of the people understand their own interests and get united in struggle for their own interests , and is also to fully mobilize and properly exploit the enthusiasm of the masses of the people .
without the masses ' enthusiasm and the masses ' voluntary support and proactive participation , nothing will be accomplished .
presently , intellectual resources have increasingly become an important foundation of economic development , and innovation capability has increasingly become a factor critical to economic development ; consequently , it is all the more necessary to have a social environment which will enable people to speak freely and feel happy and stimulate people 's creative spirit .
the methods of combining unity with democracy , ensuring the health and order of our democratic process through having strong unity , and ensuring full vigor of our unity with full democracy represent our tradition as well as our strength which should be steadfastly maintained and applied .
comrade jiang zemin pointed out : " practicing unity and democracy under the leadership of the communist party of china constitutes a concentrated embodiment of the nature of the cppcc , the historical ground for the emergence and development of the cppcc , and the direction and mission of the cppcc in its effort to continue work . "
it is the responsibility of the cppcc to enhance unity , to maintain stability , to apply democracy , and to advance development ; we should do a good job of discharging this responsibility .
the building of socialism with chinese characteristics is an unprecedented , entirely new cause as well as the chinese people 's great practice of creating history , and will not be successful without practice of the masses of the people .
the principle of practice is the first and basic principle of marxist epistemology .
such insufficiencies have been caused by problems of understanding and capability , but the most fundamental issue is that of practice .
members and comrades : this session of the cppcc is a session of the turn of the millennium and the turn of the century .
it is a rare opportunity for one to experience two millenniums and two centuries . it is truly excellent that a session of the cppcc can be held at this moment to perform the heavy tasks of taking part in and discussing government affairs .
a solemn sense of historical responsibility is stimulating us : do not fail to live up to the people 's weighty trust ; do not waste the good opportunity !
hong kong , 11 mar (zts) - - tung chee - hwa , chief executive of the hong kong special administrative region , met in his office today with visiting us defense secretary william cohen .
tung chee - hwa briefed cohen on the successful implementation of the " one country , two systems " principle in hong kong . he also said hong kong has overcome the difficulty brought by the financial storm in asia and economic growth has resumed .
tung chee - hwa also mentioned the business opportunity to be brought by china 's joining the world trade organization .
in accordance with the " regulations on the handling of cppcc national committee proposals , " the subcommittee for handling proposals examined the proposals it received and put 3,061 proposals on file , accounting for 92.3 percent of the total .
of the proposals put on file , 1,423 , or 46.5 percent , were about economic construction ; 899 , or 29.4 percent , related to education , science and technology , culture , health , and sports ; 739 or 24.1 percent , were about politics and law , the united front , and personnel .
however , environmental protection has still fallen behind environmental sabotage and pollution in terms of speed .
experts estimated that direct economic losses caused by atmospheric or river environmental pollution have taken up 4 - 8 percent of the gnp [ gross national product ] , reaching approximately between 320 billion yuan and 640 billion yuan .
we must step up planning and policy guidance for this work ; respect the farmers ' will ; make a success of experiments in selected areas ; and gradually popularize experiences .
we must resolutely put an end to new land reclamation that would destroy forests and grassland .
sun zhigang , npc deputy and secretary of the yichang city cpc committee , pointed out : the changjiang valley is china 's economic center . to enact laws to protect the ecological environment of the changjiang valley is a need of the state sustainable development strategy .
tian junliang , cppcc national committee member and vice president of northwest university of agricultural and forestry science and technology , said : protecting the ecological environment is a major subject to be solved in the large - scale development of the western regions .
we must set great store by and bring into play the supporting role of science and technology in carrying out this work . tian pointed out : the western regions are rich in natural resources but have a rather fragile ecological environment . in particular , they are short of river resources and have suffered from serious soil erosion .
the original article four of general work principles and other articles that follow shall become the articles that follow in order . 4 .
we want to warmly congratulate the successful conclusion of the meeting !
this has been a democratic , pragmatic , united , and inspiring meeting , which made due contribution to the comprehensive fulfillment of the goals set by the party and by the state for this year and to the promotion of the magnificent cause of socialist modernization construction .
during the session , cppcc members attentively heard and examined a work report of the national committee of the third session of the ninth cppcc , attended as observers the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] , and heard and discussed the government work report and other important reports .
cppcc members have demonstrated strong awareness to participate in and discuss politics as well as better capability to involve in politics .
cppcc has traversed 50 years of glorious road .
why did this legal phenomenon occur in which legislative activities came first , followed by their standardization ?
qiao xiaoyang said : there have always been clear standardization stipulations concerning legislative activities .
a reporter asked : after the legislation law is adopted , what measures will the npc adopt so as to make the laws and regulations worked out by the state council and local people 's congress identical with the laws and decisions made by the npc and its standing committee ?
through examination , specialized committees are entitled to make a report to the npc standing committee if they find regulations contradict the constitution and laws .
in reply to a reporter 's question whether the draft legislation law is also applicable to military regulations , qiao xiaoyang said : in the draft legislation law there are stipulations on military regulations . this shows that military regulations are part of our country 's legal system .
moreover , the formulation of such a civil code will also help promote the formation of a socialist legal system with chinese characteristics .
he said : generally speaking , a relatively perfect legal system should include the constitution , a criminal law , criminal procedure law , administrative law , administrative procedure law , civil law , and a civil action law .
qiao xiaoyang said : none of the prohibited deeds mentioned above is allowed in any country and region in the world by law , and a similar law existed before hong kong was returned to china .
but legislation takes time ; and it is up to the hksar to decide when to enact . but it wo n't do not to legislate . "
the purpose of amending the marriage law is to further improve our country 's marriage and family system , protect the legitimate rights and interests of women and children , safeguard the equal , harmonious , and civilized marriage and family relationship , and promote socialist spiritual civilization building and social progress .
all departments directly under the hainan provincial government conscientiously studied jiang zemin 's important speech and expressed their determination to build hainan province into a still better place in line with the development orientation defined by the general secretary .
lai qinwei , director of the hainan provincial foreign economic and trade department , said : hainan will have a brilliant future in its foreign economic and trade work as long as it follows the road chartered by general secretary jiang zemin .
haikou city held its enlarged standing committee meeting of the city party committee on 9 march to relay and study the spirit of general secretary jiang zemin .
they said : in his speech , the general secretary pointed out that in addition to moving towards the forefront of reform , opening up , and economic construction , hainan should also move toward the national front rank of spiritual civilization . this has placed a higher demand on us .
after the issuance of general secretary jiang zemin 's speech , sanya city party committee immediately held an enlarged standing committee meeting to study measures for implementation .
they held that since sanya boasts richer tropical resources , it should be in the front rank of the province in the development of tropical and highly efficient farming and ecology .
the meeting proposed efforts be made this year to energetically adjust and optimize the economic structure with priority given to the development of holiday and ecological sightseeing , and really turn the rich tropical resources and good ecological farming into the advantages of sanya 's economic development .
the amended " cppcc committee constitution " will go into force as of today .
handling cases in strict accordance with the law and protecting the legitimate rights and interests of the citizens is part and parcel of judicial impartiality .
according to statistics , last year people 's courts across the country directly acquitted 3,403 defendants according to the law due to a lack of evidence and 2,475 defendants because their cases had not formed a crime .
the above - mentioned statistics show that judicial organs at all levels stepped up their efforts to correct the acts of abusing judicial and administrative powers and people 's court enforced the law impartially rather than perverting it and letting criminals go unpunished .
they punished criminals according to the law while placing stress on saving those who took a wrong step in life , protecting those who acted according to the law , and supporting the reformers .
tang yinlong said zhao yanhong purposely did not take her us passport with her to cover up her real identity and disguised herself as a chinese citizen .
that zhao yanhong has taken such inglorious means to boost the arrogance of " falungong " can explain nothing other than showing her own immorality and the features of the " falungong " cult .
when the public security departments found zhao yanhong was an american citizen , they immediately and officially notified the us embassy in china and asked the embassy to provide information about zhao 's passport and to confirm her identity .
after zhao 's passport was received , zhao was released from criminal detention .
after learning zhao would soon be repatriated , no official of the us embassy went to see zhao .
at noon on 12 february , zhao was repatriated .
the spokesman also pointed out that after returning to the united states , zhao lied that while she was detained , she was " cuffed and kicked , was not allowed to take a bath , and was maltreated . "
as a matter of fact , the detention center zhao was in is strictly managed according to standards and no detainee has ever been cursed or maltreated .
china also tried to persuade zhao to get a lawyer on its own initiative , but this was rejected .
after zhao returned to the united states , zhao herself also said on different occasions that she had never been beaten , and took a bath on three occasions according to regulations , and that the so - called maltreatment is mere fabrication .
it expresses its gratitude to all units that undertake the handling of national cppcc committee motions for supporting cppcc work .
the most crucial issue in socialist modern commercial construction is to proceed from the ideology of serving the people whole - heartedly , use modern means to meet consumer demand to the greatest extent , sell genuine goods at reasonable prices , and practice fair transactions , thereby giving enterprises the greatest economic returns .
hunan road has indeed been moving along this correct direction and has become prosperous because of that , indicating that the " no fake goods in malls and shops " activity is indeed a new and good form through which propaganda and ideological work can serve economic construction under the new situation .
the success of hunan road is attributed first to the great attention and direct participation of the nanjing city party committee and government and the gulou district party committee and government . they created a path through ideological and political work , provided funding , personnel , and planning , built the hardware environment , and standardized business operations .
these facts show that attention and strong leadership by party and government leading departments guarantees the prosperity of model streets of the " no fake goods in malls and shops " activity .
arduous and meticulous ideological and political work as well as strict management is another important experience learned at hunan road .
some are state - owned and some collectively owned .
beijing , 12 mar ( xinhua ) - - the 11 th issue of lioawang weekly , to be published on 13 march , carries a signed article entitled " returning to common sense . " the article points out that it is a hoax that " falungong " practitioners do not need medical care when they are sick .
the full text of the article is as follows : as a mortal , people sometimes fall sick . no one can guarantee that he is always healthy and free from illness .
when a person is in poor health , he needs to see the doctor at the hospital . one can only resume healthy condition with the help of medical expertise and proper medication .
in his poem , du fu said : " it has been rare since the ancient times that a man can live until 70 years old . "
but it is now a common thing that a person can live until 70 years old or older . the extension of the average life span is exactly the result and hallmark of the achievements of science and technology .
now even a peasant woman who has a low educational level and lives in remote area will bring her sick child to the doctor if conditions permit . she will not seek help from a " fairy . "
but what kind of " magic " power does " falungong " have in controlling people ?
as a matter of fact , there is no " magic " if we see it through .
with the improvement of the living standard , it is only natural that people wish to live longer . it is said that so long as people learn " falungong , " it will help cure all kinds of diseases and improve people 's health condition .
therefore , it seems that " falungong , " which is able to manipulate the weakness of human nature , has an " unimaginable " power .
another " magic " point about " falungong " lies in this fact : it claims that so long as you practices it , you can cure your disease at no cost .
if so , it will be the greatest thing in the whole world . hospitals will be closed and doctors will have to find some other jobs . the whole world should thank " falungong " for its benefits .
their accusations alone can prove that it is a big lie to say that " falungong " can cure diseases " at no cost . "
" master " li hongzhi , the " savior , " said : if you want to learn the great law , you have to do some reading , you have to watch video and audio tapes .
therefore , " falungong " organizations have continuously " introduced " a large amount of books , audio - video tapes , vcd , clothes and cushions for practicing " falungong , " and statues of master li .
in master li 's own words , " you get what you paid for . " many practitioners pay a little sum of money , which becomes a large sum for master li. as a result , master li 's wallet has become fatter and fatter .
that 's why " falungong " particularly stresses the importance of " sincerity . "
his remarks also mean that " falungong " practitioners can cure their diseases only when they do not take medicine and therefore they should not be allowed to take medicine .
here is a trick : if your disease is cured , it is because you are " sincere . " if you have not recovered from your disease , it means you are not " sincere " enough .
you should not have an iota of doubt about " falungong . " if you have any doubt about it , then you are not " sincere . " the only thing you can do is absolutely obey it and absolutely believe in it .
to get rid of the spiritual fetter of " falungong , " one should first of all overcome the superstition of " sincerity " and examine the stupid superstition with a scientific viewpoint .
any theory that pretends to be very abstruse and mystic is always a fallacy that serves to perplex the people .
deputy zhang leling said : during the 50 years since new china 's establishment , chinese peasants ' incomes rose nearly 40 times . the increase occurred mainly during the past 20 years since china carried out reform and opening up to the outside world .
china 's east regions could develop earlier than other parts because of its coastal opening - up policy .
if we fail to make progress amid fierce international competition , we will regress . ( subhead ) comrade deng xiaoping , a great man of the 20 th century , earnestly and patiently taught us : " the period from the present moment to mid-21st century will be a very important period .
we think of the source because we aim to make further progress .
only by thinking of the source can we aim to make further progress .
china has attained decisive breakthroughs in restructuring its state enterprise . however , they still yield economic benefits inadequately and many deep - seated problems remain .
we must deepen reform and expeditiously develop to resolve problems which have popped up while china is carrying reform and opening up to the outside world .
if we are complacent and do not intend to forge ahead , the gap between china and developed countries will widen .
the only way out is to continually redouble our efforts and work attentively and diligently .
this was the consensus reached by the deputies and committee members .
thinking of making further progress is the beginning of our advancement . the deputies and committee members have objectives , methods , and confidence in gearing toward the future . ( subhead ) a nation which does not think of making further progress is a nation which will fail to seize the future .
to think of making further progress after attaining prosperity , we should eliminate our sense of contentment , operate large undertakings , pursue major development , strive to make advancement , and continually explore in a pioneering spirit .
deputy tang shunyi , a major producer of grain from hebei 's yutian county , said : while growing wheat which is used to make salable gluten and special high - protein bread , i will also grow various high - quality vegetables and fruits so as to industrialize our household farming undertakings .
cppcc committee member xu guanju , a private entrepreneur , revealed that he was formulating specific plans to actively join in developing china 's west regions . he said : " these plans do not merely aim to develop our enterprises . they also aim to contribute our share to rejuvenating the chinese nation . "
we have invigorated the spirit gearing toward the future , rallied the will to welcome challenges , gathered the wisdom to overcome difficulties , and radiated a vitality for continually facilitating renovation .
given the convictions and pursuits of the npc deputies and cppcc committee members , we can visualize the whole nation 's mentality of forging ahead amid difficulties and exploring in a pioneering spirit , and hear china 's powerful strides which are firmly and effectively advancing toward the 21 st century .
this bilateral agreement was signed after the chinese government delegation and the argentine government delegation concluded their bilateral talks on china 's accession to wto following friendly and constructive negotiations .
after the signing ceremony , sun zhenyu and chighizola told the press the signing of the sino - argentine bilateral agreement on china 's accession to wto will help expand bilateral trade and further promote the development of trade and economic relations between the two countries .
beijing , 12 mar ( xinhua ) - - the central forum on population , resources , and environment was held this morning at the great hall of the people .
jiang zemin , general secretary of the cpc central committee , and president of the state presided over the forum and delivered an important speech .
this is one of the arduous and important tasks which face the comrades of the whole party and the people throughout the country .
jiang zemin pointed out : china is a developing country which is most densely populated in the world . its average per - capita resources is very limited . so we must always attach strategic importance to controlling population , economizing resources and protecting the environment .
only thus , can we realize the sustainable development .
during the 21 st century , we should continue to exert efforts to grasp the work of keeping a low birth rate , and rationally using and strictly managing resources in order to protect and create a good ecological environment .
whether we can persist in doing a good job in population and resources work has a bearing on china 's economy and social security , the quality of living of the people in china , and the long - term plan concerning the survival and development of the chinese nation .
jiang zemin said : implementing the strategy of extensively developing the western region and promoting the accelerated development of the central and western regions is one of the party central committee and the state council 's major policy decisions affecting the overall situation of china 's modernization drive .
to successfully implement the strategy of extensively developing the western region , we must realize a benign cycle in population , resources and environment .
strengthening the protection and construction of ecological environment should be regarded as an important content and urgent task for extensively developing the western region . it is necessary to persist in putting prevention in the first place , give priority to protection , and do a good job in supervising and managing environmental development and construction .
we must make earnest efforts to avoid following the old track of carrying out improvement and restoration efforts before pollution and damages are seen .
jiang zemin noted : during this new century , we should strengthen , not weaken , the work on population , resources and environment in china .
family planning , resources prospecting and management , and environmental protection work are public welfare undertakings having obvious social efficiency . all localities should act in line with the central demands , and ensure that the investments in these fields are in place .
it is necessary to boost the enthusiasm of all sectors and establish an investment mechanism with a great diversity of investors and multiple channels .
we should strengthen the building of ranks of workers to take charge of the work on population , resources and environment , and strive to raise the quality of the work on population , resources and environment in the grass roots .
jiang zemin stressed : in carrying out family planning , resources management and environmental protection work , we will not change the system of making top party and government leaders personally grasp the work and assume overall responsibility and the system of responsibility for implementing the established population , resources and environmental policies and targets .
the party and government principal leaders should coordinate the work and organize the efforts of all sectors to comprehensively tackle the population , resources and environmental problems .
departments in charge of the administrative work on population , resources and environment should supervise and manage this work in a unified manner and in line with law , and raise the results of law enforcement .
the party committees and governments at all levels should manage things strictly in line with the law , policies and plans .
we should uphold the operating principle of believing in , relying on , respecting and serving the masses .
in doing our work , we must guard against bureaucracy , dogmatism , and formalism .
the whole party and the whole nation from leadership to the masses should redouble their efforts , guarantee the smooth realization of the targets for the work on population , resources and environment in china in the new century , and bring better benefits to the chinese nation .
premier zhu rongji gave a speech at the forum on how to study and implement the spirit of general secretary jiang zemin 's speech and to successfully carry out the work on family planning , resources management and environmental protection .
also attending the forum were central leading comrades , including ding guangen , li changchun , wu guanzheng , jiang chunyun , jia qinglin , huang ju , wen jiabao , zeng qinghong , peng peiyun , and wang zhongyu .
principal responsible comrades of the party committees and governments of various provinces , autonomous regions and municipalities , and responsible comrades of relevant departments of the central and state organs , and of the liberation army and the armed police forces also attended the forum .
beijing , 12 mar (zxs) - - implementation of the strategy for the great development of the western region provides xinjiang with a historical chance for self - development on a large scale .
abulahat abdurixit , deputy to the national people 's congress session and chairman of the xinjiang uygur autonomous regional government , is always full of confidence while talking about the issue on the great development of xinjiang .
abulahat maintained that xinjiang has possessed good conditions to welcome the great development of the western region , as well as itself .
xinjiang serves as a bridgehead opening china to the west . the countries in central asia have provided xinjiang with great chances for expanding itself wider to the west .
xinjiang at present has a good foundation for developing its economy on a large scale .
he maintained that speeding up the construction of infrastructure facilities is the foundation for great development .
although xinjiang has made great headway in the construction of infrastructure facilities , it still has a long way to go in order to catch up with the national average levels and the eastern coastal areas .
in particular , xinjiang 's water conservancy and transportation conditions are in urgent need of improvement .
it is imperative to improve the functions of urumqi and kashi airports and to start , as quickly as possible , the expansion of hetian and karamay airports .
the construction of the " information expressway " will be facilitated .
it is necessary to build long petroleum pipelines between xinjiang and lanzhou and the key project of sending natural gas from " western china east " to shanghai .
water conservancy projects are of great momentum , too .
water conservancy projects will be developed with the focus on developing and harnessing three major rivers , namely ili he , ertix he , and tarim he .
at the same time , ground water should vigorously be developed and utilized ; and high - quality , water - saving irrigation projects should be developed on a large scale , so as to eliminate the influence by floods and drought .
abulahat maintained that acceleration of ecological protection and construction is the focus of large - scale development .
xinjiang will improve the ecological environment by returning grain plots to forestry , closing hillsides to facilitate afforestation , planting trees , and growing grasses .
the region arranges a project of diverting water from the north to the south , plans to build water conservancy projects and improve river courses to protect and build the ecological environment along tarim he and to further bring the ever - worsening ecological environment under control .
it is imperative to strengthen the environmental protection and improvement of bosten hu , the largest inland fresh water lake in china ; and ebinur hu , that is going to dry up .
meanwhile , efforts should be made to quicken the pace of comprehensively improving the environment of urumqi , known as a polluted city in china .
through the efforts in the next two or three years , xinjiang , as the largest cotton production base in china , should reduce its cotton sown areas by a big margin , with its total cotton output still remaining at the 1999 level of over 1.35 million tonnes .
actively in response to the state strategic shift of petroleum and natural gas industries , xinjiang should build itself into the country 's largest petroleum and natural gas industrial base and a key petrochemical industrial base in west china and cultivate tourism into a new important economic growth point .
to this end , he stressed the need to help the poverty - stricken areas vigorously develop education , strengthen the training of officials and the cultivation of talented persons of minority nationalities , and work out preferential policies to attract talented persons at home .
during and after the second session of the ninth cppcc national committee , various democratic parties , the people 's organizations concerned , and the cppcc members put forth a total of 3,341 motions .
the motions committee also examined and processed in a timely fashion the motions it had received after the session wound up .
by 20 february , 2000 , some 3,004 motions had been handled or answered , accounting for 96.3 percent of the total , while some 2,542 opinions and proposals had been handled or listed in the handling plan , accounting for 84.6 percent of the total .
on the basis of their previous motions , some parties and members again suggested that a system for bank savings deposit holders to use their real names be introduced and people 's bank of china decided to incorporate this proposal when drafting the relevant plans or regulations .
as for the motion on further lowering the electricity fees in urban and rural areas , the state planning commission incorporated this view in its " opinions on implementing the reform of the policy of charging electricity fees with both principal and interest . "
vice premier li lanqing wrote the following instruction on the report : " please assemble and sort out the opinions on this issue and study them together after the committee for the aged is established . "
now that the national work committee for the aged has been established , the country 's 10 th five - year development plan is expected to incorporate the proposals provided for in the investigation and study report as a key content .
( 1 ) in order to make the work on motions meet the demand of the situation development , the cppcc national committee held its fourth forum on work on motions in beijing in november , 1999 .
since the second session of the ninth cppcc national committee , the motions work has made significant headway but has still fallen far behind the situation development and the demand of the cppcc work .
though there are quite a few high - quality motions at the moment , the general standard has to be raised further .
lacking in investigations and study , some motions have contained relatively empty contents or proposals that are too general and hard to implement and this has impaired the effect of the motions ; second , some handling units have failed to fully understand or effectively conduct the handling work .
some members reported that certain units had handled motions in a formalistic way or failed to answer questions to the point ; third , the motions committee has to further improve its service work .
this year marks the turn of the century .
shanghai definitely will be deeply influenced by " wto entry , " but , in general , there will be more advantages than disadvantages .
xu kuangdi said that shanghai had begun preparing for " wto entry " three years ago , and whether it could achieve success in coping with " wto entry " would provide experience to other places of china .
the pillar industries , such as telecommunications , computers , car - making , and medical industries , established over the past two decades will be the second to be influenced .
these industries require large amounts of investment , their technological level is high , and most of them are joint ventures , but their production scale is small , and it is difficult for them to compete with their foreign counterparts .
service industries , including financial , insurance , postal and telecommunications services , are the third to be influenced .
shanghai has sent a large number of selected young people to receive training in the united states and europe .
when foreign capital enters on a large scale , shanghai will be able to guarantee its competitive edges and establish joint ventures smoothly with foreign firms .
xu kuangdi said : to meet the international competition , shanghai has established one economic development zone in latin america and another in africa . discussion is underway on building an industrial zone in central asia in order to expand the market in east europe .
it is working on the project of connecting the internet , the post and telecommunications network , and the cable television network , which is the first such project in china and which will lay a foundation for competition when foreign capital enters shanghai on a large scale .
reform is the motive force of development , and is the only way toward modernization ; stability is the basic precondition of reform and development , because without stability we cannot accomplish anything ; hence we should handle the relations of the three aspects appropriately .
deputy li jiating pointed out that the idea of development being an absolute principle put forward by comrade deng xiaoping is of momentous significance to china at the turn of the centuries .
under the new situation , we must more soberly handle the relations between stability , reform , and development , as the negligence in any aspect will bring adverse impacts to the economic and social development .
talking about the correct handling of the relations between stability , reform , and development , some deputies stressed the importance of instituting a social security system .
deputy dong wande from liaoning said : as the issue of social security has a bearing on the process of social stability and enterprise reform , we must have a good grasp of this important matter from the high plane of reform , development , and stability .
otherwise , the reform will lack mass foundation and trigger destabilizing factors , for which we must pay an enormous price .
stability is the precondition of development , and unity is the foundation for stability .
deputy li zhaozhuo from guangxi said : the practice in guangxi over the past few years has demonstrated that it is impossible for guangxi to score such achievements in its economic development but for the unity of the people , including the unity of all ethnic groups , which gave guarantee to social stability .
2 ) vigorously promoting economic construction and seeking stability through accelerated development .
agriculture is an important condition for the stability of a country .
deputy wang ping is of the opinion that in order to stabilize and intensify the position of agriculture as a foundation , the urgent tasks at the moment are to increase peasants ' incomes and open up rural markets .
at present , the principal problem that affects the increase of peasants ' incomes is the irrational structure in stages , which must be reasonably adjusted by facing the markets .
another principal problem is peasants ' excessively heavy burdens . if this problem is not properly settled , it will directly endanger social stability and development .
the method of settling the rural problems , first of all , is to develop productive forces , arouse the initiative and creativity of the vast numbers of peasants in the structural adjustment , enable the peasants to become the main body of the adjustment , and increase their incomes .
the extent of close relations between cadres and masses has a bearing on rural stability .
moreover , they should concentrate their efforts on the two major issues of developing the economy and lightening the burdens of the peasants while increasing their incomes .
looking forward to the future , the deputies are full of confidence .
deputy wang shikun from yunnan said : after many years of practice , we have gained an intimate knowledge that stability is the precondition , reform is the motive force , and development is the aim , and initially accumulated the experience of correctly handling the relations between stability , reform , and development .
the chinese party , government , and military leaders recently made consistent remarks over the taiwan issue .
zhang wannian , vice chairman of the central military commission , stressed that declaration of taiwan independence will mean war .
li peng , chairman of the national people 's congress [ npc ] , said that zhang wannian 's remark represents the cpc central committee 's policy toward taiwan .
a source in beijing revealed that the recent remarks on the taiwan issue made by the chinese party , government , and military leaders were in line with the spirit of a resolution on the taiwan issue adopted by the cpc central committee political bureau .
in mid - february , the cpc central committee political bureau adopted the resolution no. 9 of 2000 on the taiwan issue .
the " one - china principle and the taiwan issue " white paper published by the state council taiwan affairs office and information office on 21 february was based on the resolution of the political bureau .
the main points of the political bureau 's resolution are as follows : 1 .
try to the utmost politically and on the policy level and do everything possible to strive to solve the taiwan issue in a peaceful manner under the " one - china " premise . 4 . the problem of the united states ' intervening in the taiwan issue has become serious .
there is a need to make good military preparations for using force to solve the taiwan issue and to enhance high - technology deterrent deployment .
on 2 march jiang zemin told former us president bush in a clear manner that china must be reunited , that china has been quite patient , and that it will not wait for another ten or twenty years .
this again demonstrates china 's strong determination to solve the taiwan issue .
a source disclosed that top mainland military levels have inspected the fujian military base on the eve of taiwan 's general elections to get first hand information about the combat readiness of the frontline people 's liberation army [ pla ] and to boost the morale of officers and men .
in order to prevent the taiwan authorities from indefinitely dragging out the cross - strait talks , the mainland 's top military levels have kept on exerting certain pressure on taiwan .
the military action will be focused on stepped up monitoring and patrols .
there is no need to be panic because it is quite normal and reasonable for the troops stationed along the coast to be on alert and to be prepared for all contingencies .
hohhot , 13 mar ( xinhua ) - - as we bid farewell to the last century and herald in a new century , the cpc central committee and the state council made a strategic decision on the grand development of china 's western regions .
covering for this article , this reporter found that some regions simply see the grand western development strategy as the state 's injecting money to their regions , as the state 's granting preferential policies to their regions , and as an increase of more projects for their regions .
when drawing up a blueprint for the development of western regions , one must consider things in line with the market economic laws , one must rely on policies to regulate and control the market , and one must let the market do the promotion and development .
concept renewal is the " advance guard " for the grand development of western regions .
" it can be said that in producing and selling these commodities , we are truly equipped with advantages in terms of manpower , natural resources , technology , and scope .
given the new situation that china will soon join the world trade organization (wto) , we can give fuller play to our abilities on the international market , " said sun hui , deputy general manager of the meiliu glass ( group ) company , limited , in zibo city , shandong province .
moreover , country - to - country competition and commodity competition in this field will also be sharper .
the departments concerned should adopt measures to give better services so that a larger number of traditional commodities can take advantage of the opportunity of joining the wto to develop a broader export space .
the resolution of the taiwan issue is now realistically ahead of us after the smooth return of hong kong and macao to the motherland .
the early resolution of the taiwan issue and the realization of the complete reunification of the motherland are tidal currents and trends and have a bearing on the righteous cause , major principles , and key interests of the country and the nation .
our government 's stance is firm and remains unchanged .
the early settlement of the taiwan issue is the common aspiration and strong voice of the people of all nationalities throughout the country , including the taiwan people .
so , we should judge the hour and size up the situation and make firm preparations for the early settlement of the taiwan issue .
we began waging a resolute struggle against the " two - state theory " soon after lee teng - hui [ li teng - hui ] dished out it in july last year .
our struggle against the separatist forces headed by lee teng - hui is a concentrated expression of the question of whether to adhere to the one - china principle or to create " two chinas " or " one china , one taiwan . "
the taiwan issue should be resolved in line with the policy on " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems . "
lee teng - hui 's " two - state " theory was an essential result from his attempt to split up the motherland over the past 10 years . therefore , it is impossible for him to retract the theory .
so , preparations should be made against various problems and their consequences .
the aim of " taiwan independence " and separatist forces and foreign anti - china forces to indefinitely delay the taiwan question is intolerable to us .
the policy on " one country , two systems " has successfully been carried out in hong kong and macao ; meanwhile it can completely be applied to resolving the taiwan question .
the resolution of the taiwan issue with this policy can merely bring about advantages to the taiwan compatriots . however , the taiwan authorities use various kinds of excuses to oppose this policy ; in reality , they oppose national reunification .
we want to seriously tell " taiwan independence " forces that advocating independence and creating splittism under any pretext and in any form are crimes against the motherland and the nation , as well as dangerous activities of playing with fire .
we must never sit idly by to see any serious separatist activities of sabotaging china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , carrying out the " two - state theory , " and advocating " taiwan independence . "
if " taiwan independence " forces insist on separating taiwan from the motherland , we will adopt resolute measures to safeguard the country 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
" taiwan independence " means war . there will be no peace under splittism .
however , he said : china 's policy toward taiwan is still " stressing peace . " our basic policy on peaceful reunification remains unchanged , and the pla is striving to attain peaceful reunification .
the troops ' responsibilities are to safeguard national reunification . it is their historic mission and duty .
however , it is very hard for the army to formulate a reunification timetable . mainland china 's next move on taiwan will basically depend on the newly - elected taiwan president 's policies .
commenting on using force to attain reunification , mi zhenyu said : " we treasure the format for peace out of all the strategies .
both sides will benefit in peace , whereas both will be hurt in war . however , taiwan will suffer more than mainland china in war . " he said : the chinese government has been very specific in its stance and attitude : it still hopes both sides of the strait can reunify peacefully .
while admitting that the current military strength of china 's navy and air force lags 20 years behind that of advanced countries in the world , mi zhenyu said : " we are unsure that we can beat it ( the united states ) .
we have our formats . " mi zhenyu said : " what the united states fears most is that some people are killed . it regards the deaths of a few people as something desperately serious .
he said : the united states has enormous interests in china . it will not easily discard its friendly diplomatic ties with china .
looking at the united states ' military power as clearly outlined in the gulf war and the recent war in kosovo , we can see how the fast - developing military revolution has changed the traditional military strength and the modes of warfare and has widened the gap between china 's and the united states ' military strength .
it maintains that only by striving to supersede the west 's military principles , and only by crossing the line of conventional warfare , including attacking the enemy in domains that are traditionally non - military , can future wars be won .
the concept of " unrestricted warfare , " which advocates breaking today 's rules of war , and the kind of nationalism that opposes globalization advanced under these circumstances are two sides of the same tendency .
twenty - first century modes of combat and means of war and traditional rules of war at the crossroads between the old and new centuries , all countries are fully assessing their security situation in the 21 st century .
at the same time , military attacks will also target certain crucial civilian facilities such as telecommunications , electronics , transportation , and power plants to damage the opponent 's potential ability to make war .
today , we censure wars around the world on moral and legal grounds , and that is because the many rules in the military domain allow us to do so .
no country currently is as strong as the united states , but even a superpower like the united states cannot do as it pleases or conduct a so - called " unrestricted war " in total disregard of human morals , conscience , and laws and blatantly destroy today 's international order .
from the hague conference on the laws of war and the geneva convention to today 's developing international humanitarian laws and regulations , and including the martens article , they all restrict the reckless and arbitrary use of force by the military in war , armed confrontations , and other situations .
it is not the weaker side 's prerogative to ignore the rules ; the stronger side can do the same , and in fact they are more equipped to do so .
these so called " tactics of war " that had absolutely no scientific or technological bases were the " unrestricted warfare " of bygone years , and they went bankrupt long ago .
today , science and technology and economic strength are the most important sources of human development , including the development of military strength .
when it comes to war , like in any other domain in international society , mankind has long wandered out of the wilderness .
the international society is now an arena where there are many rules , and these rules , including military and economic rules , were written under the guidance of the western countries .
the key to china 's strength and development lies in obeying the common laws and rules of human development , which include accepting all kinds of restrictions , so that we can develop as fast as possible within the confines of international order .
beijing , 13 mar ( xinhua ) - - without the armed forces , the people will lose everything .
with the party 's absolute leadership , the people 's armed forces are invincible and will march from victory to victory .
deputy zhou kunren said comrade mao zedong , chief founder of the people 's armed forces , made tremendous historical contribution to establishing the party 's absolute leadership over the armed forces .
since then , the people 's armed forces have grown in strength .
in the past 10 years in particular , we have obviated and overcome numerous dangers and difficulties on the road of our advancement .
the most fundamental thing in stressing political awareness is to ensure the party 's absolute leadership over the armed forces , and ensure the nature of the people 's armed forces .
in the past 10 years , our armed forces have further increased their ability in high - tech defensive operations , and made new and great progress in national defense research and in developing weapons and equipment . our armed forces are forging ahead in big strides toward becoming crack troops with chinese characteristics .
reportedly , two deputy provincial - level officials of hubei suspected of taking bribes when approving the listing of local companies were suspended from work by the central commission for discipline inspection and asked to confess within a certain time in certain place .
currently , they were also under custody for investigation . deputies attending the session held that the government 's current anticorruption momentum needed to be greatly enhanced .
the reports of the supreme people 's court and supreme people 's procuratorate this year failed to mention the eye - catching yuanhua case and the case of cheng kejie . some deputies held that this spells out why the anticorruption drive still needs more transparency .
receiving share capital and ratifying listing of companies as was learned , many enterprises in hubei had applied for listing their enterprises in the stock market previously , but only very few were approved due to the very large number of applications in recent years .
consequently , some people went into contacts with former vice governors li daqiang and gao ruike , who were in charge of this matter , through middlemen , and promised to give them tremendous amount of share capital as a repayment .
with the approvals of vice governors , several enterprises successfully listed their enterprises .
last year , the central commission for discipline inspection knew about this and formed a special inspection committee , and asked li daqing , who had left the post , and gao reike , then still the vice governor , to confess within a certain time and in certain place .
he also referred to the passage stating that large and medium - sized state - owned enterprises to which the stockholding system is applicable should make use of the stock market and quickly implement the stockholding - oriented reform , and that we should strive to develop a number of large enterprises that are internationally competitive .
in the main , this can be achieved through the capital market . for instance , the state can use the capital market to reduce its shares in those enterprises that are to be privatized .
this way , the state can change its relationship with the enterprise from holding absolutely controlling shares to holding relatively controlling shares then to holding semi - controlling shares to holding ordinary shares and eventually achieve the goal of a complete withdrawal from the enterprise .
development of the new emerging capital market is a significant step toward improving and developing the socialist market economy . 4 . the capital market is required for developing new - and high - tech industries . 5 .
the capital market can diversify the risks involved in developing new - and high - tech industries . 3 .
with a high growth potential , high - tech stocks can give good returns to investors .
to meet international competition , it is a must to establish a high - tech stock market on the mainland or to give preferential treatment to high - tech companies on the mainland 's regular stock market .
currently , high - tech stock markets are developing rapidly in the world . unless we speed up our pace to catch up , our outstanding high - tech enterprises will tend to list their stocks on foreign markets . 5 .
i am very glad that my suggestion has been accepted .
but some related questions have to be discussed and solved . an example is the question on the p / e ratio .
now , there is a pretty big gag between the p / e ratios for stocks on the primary and secondary markets .
at the turn of the century , a critical moment , the party central committee put forward the strategy for grasping the opportunity to " move out " on the basis of sizing up the situation with a broad and long - term view .
this strategy and the strategy for the great development of china 's west complement each other , and will enable us to make full use of the resources and the markets at home and abroad , thus restructuring the economy and optimizing the distribution of resources in a broader scope .
it is a far - reaching and also immediately realistic objective , and requires us to make down - to - earth explorations and practice .
it is necessary and possible for shanghai to grasp the opportunity to shift the pattern of opening up from " ushering in " in the past to both " ushering in " and " moving out " in the future .
second , it is necessary to strengthen across - the - board planning and guidance .
work should be done urgently to formulate and implement concrete plans and relevant policies and measures for carrying out the " moving out " strategy and enhancing the " moving out " capability .
third , it is necessary to explicitly determine the orientation and key points of " moving out . "
fourth , it is necessary to comprehensively implement the " diversification " principle .
deputy huang ju finally said : in the process of economic globalization , shanghai will consistently pursue the principle of serving the whole country and facing the world , and will make efforts to maintain sustained , high - speed , and healthy economic development in the future .
solving the taiwan issue according to the principle of " one country , two systems " and accomplishing the motherland 's reunification has become our more and more urgent historic mission .
recently , this reporter interviewed jiang enzhu , a deputy to the national people 's congress [ npc ] and director of the central people 's government liaison office in the hong kong special administrative regions [ sar ] .
he pointed out : the successful practice in the past nearly three years after hong kong 's return has fully demonstrated the correctness , scientific nature , and feasibility of the " one country , two systems " principle .
deputy jiang enzhu enunciated the following four conclusions having been proved by hong kong 's experience : first , the principle of " one country , two systems " is completely feasible .
in the past , many people in hong kong had misgivings and doubted whether the concept of " one country , two systems " would be practicable .
however , under the guidance of the " one country , two systems " principle , hong kong not only smoothly accomplished the return , but also successfully overcame various difficulties after the return and maintained social stability and prosperity .
practice shows that the principle of " one country , two system " is feasible , and is in keeping with the fundamental interests of the entire chinese people , including taiwan compatriots , hong kong and macao compatriots , and overseas compatriots .
only with the adoption of the " one country , two systems " principle can the taiwan issue be resolved peacefully .
second , the principle of " one country , two systems " is of broad compatibility and flexibility .
in the nearly three years after hong kong 's return , the central government firmly implemented the principle of " one country , two systems , " supported the hong kong sar government 's operation on the basis of the basic law .
to solve the taiwan issue according to the " one country , two systems " principle , more flexibility can be brought to taiwan than to hong kong and macao in the arrangements of peaceful reunification .
third , the principle of " one country , two systems " is conducive to the maintenance of social stability and prosperity .
economically , hong kong enjoys strong support from mainland china .
the state did not and will not take away a penny from the hong kong sar ; instead , it gave full support to hong kong in resisting the impact from the asian financial crisis and maintaining its economic prosperity .
in foreign relations , hong kong shares the glory and dignity of the motherland in the international community , and has expanded its economic and cultural ties with the international community .
fourth , the principle of " one country , two systems " is conducive to promoting the comprehensive regeneration of the chinese nation .
solving the taiwan issue according to the principle of " one country , two systems " and thus safeguarding our state sovereignty and territorial integrity will then promote the comprehensive regeneration of the chinese nation .
enterprises are the main body of market competition .
to the vast numbers of enterprises , they will be confronted with new development opportunities as well as challenges to varying extent .
enterprises should have a correct understanding of the opportunities and challenges that they will be confronted with after entering the wto the correct understanding of the opportunities and challenges after entering the wto is the foundation and precondition for enterprises to work out correct countermeasures .
the principle of a most - favored - nation is a basic principle of the wto , which is an important guarantee for the wto member countries to carry out trade on an equal footing .
as a developing country , china can also enjoy the rights for the developing member countries and make use of the protection means and transitional period arrangements to rationally and legally give necessary protection to the infant industries , markets , and industrial safety .
certainly , while noting the opportunities brought by the wto entry , the vast numbers of enterprises should also note soberly the grim challenges that they may be confronted with . in particular , the impacts on the enterprises in the technology - intensive and fund - intensive industries will be even greater .
summing up the analyses on the opportunities and challenges facing the accession to the wto , it should be said that the opportunities outweigh the challenges .
whether or not the enterprises can attain even greater development in the huge economic arena in the world and be in an invincible position in the bitter international competition essentially hinges upon their comprehensive quality and competitive power .
to be adapted to the needs of the wto entry , they must further deepen reform , institute a modern enterprise system as soon as possible , and set up operational mechanisms with vigor and vitality .
large - sized enterprises should carry out reform to institute a company system in line with the requirements for the modern enterprise system characterized by explicit proprietary rights , definite power and responsibility , separated government functions from enterprise administration , and scientific management .
it is necessary to establish a standardized legal person management structure , form a scientific and rational enterprise leadership structure and organizational system , and build up a set of effective incentive and restraint mechanisms .
if china 's large enterprises will really compete with multinational enterprise groups in the international markets , they must further resolve the problem of irrational enterprise structure and , in light of the law governing the market economy , form a more reasonable economy of scale as quickly as possible through merger , association , and reorganization .
the small enterprises should take the road of being " specialized , refined , and unique , " establish their own competitive superiority , set up close ties of cooperation with the large enterprises , and heighten their level of socialized production .
3 ) the pace of technological progress should be accelerated to enhance the ability in technological innovation .
enterprises ' ability in technological innovation is the core of their competitiveness . today when science and technology are advancing by leaps and bounds , enterprises ' competitiveness increasingly hinges on their ability in innovation .
to meet with the challenges brought by the wto entry , enterprises must quicken their tempo of technological advancement , so that their ability in technological innovation can be elevated to a new and still higher level .
all enterprises should adopt advanced technologies , repeatedly transform the existing technological facilities , adjust product mix , raise product grades , and achieve the upgrading and updating of products and technologies . 4 .
the ability of opening up markets should be increased to enhance the level of international operations .
it is necessary to repeatedly heighten the quality of products , organize production according to the international advanced standards for product quality , those recognized by the international authoritative organs in particular , and institute and amplify an internationally certified quality assurance system as early as possible .
we need to have a strong awareness of product brands , set up the international image of china 's products by using a variety of forms , learn to use modern marketing means , intensify sales networks , and do a good job of the after - sale service .
enterprises that have sufficient conditions can develop their overseas distributors and set up their own marketing networks abroad .
where conditions permit , enterprises can go out of the territory to make investment and set up factories in foreign countries , so as to make better use of the two resources and two markets at home and abroad . 5 .
the management of enterprises should be intensified and improved to enhance their overall quality .
the intensification and improvement of enterprise management and the enhancement of the scientific management level are major components of instituting a modern enterprise system , and also important ways of elevating competitive power .
to exercise strict management and run enterprises with strict discipline , they should institute and amplify a clear responsibility system to resolutely overcome and check the phenomenon that nobody undertakes responsibility .
the leading cadres of enterprises should unceasingly enhance their own management ability and level so that they are bold and good at exercising management .
all the enterprises should extensively adopt the modern management methods and means and pay attention to constantly studying and using foreign and domestic advanced experiences for reference so as to bring about a greater improvement in management level as quickly as possible . 3 .
first , the enterprises should study and understand the relevant knowledge and rules of the wto as quickly as possible .
enterprise leaders and managerial personnel should take the lead in studying and understanding the wto 's basic knowledge such as its functions , basic principles , related agreements , and so on , familiarize themselves with the wto 's pertinent rules in order to lay a foundation for the application of the wto rules .
in the meantime , they should abide by these rules and prevent the unnecessary economic and trade frictions and disputes arising from the ignorance of the rules .
according to the disparity in economic development level among the members and some unfair competitive conducts in international trade , the wto has formulated some protective clauses related to antidumping and antisubsidy , import protection measures , and so on .
subsequent to the abovesaid antidumping case , some enterprises have made antidumping applications regarding some countries ' dumping of low - priced goods into china , and the cases are currently being accepted and heard .
these practices conform to the wto rules and have avoided undeserved industrial damages .
third , the training of special personnel should be accelerated .
so long as the enterprises , government , and society make proper preparations to cope with the situation with concerted efforts , china 's enterprises certainly can attain new and still better development in the ever fierce international competition .
since last july , the chinese people have been carrying out resolute struggle against lee teng - hui 's " two state " theory , dealing blows to the arrogant separatist force in taiwan . this forced the taiwan authorities to promise " not to include the two state theory in the constitution and other laws . "
now , more than 130 countries in the world have reiterated adherence to the one - china policy .
the article says : president jiang 's speech , vice premier qian 's speech , and the white paper all explicitly expressed the solemn attitude against " taiwan independence " and against any activity of splitting up china 's sovereign and territorial integrity .
it must be pointed out here that advocating that " taiwan is a country with independent sovereignty " is equal to advocating " taiwan independence . " saying that they will not pursue " taiwan independence " on such a premise is just to openly tell a lie to deceive taiwan compatriots and the international community !
on 22 october 1984 , deng xiaoping said at the third plenary meeting of the central advisory commission : " we constantly strive to solve the taiwan issue in a peaceful way , but we have never ruled out the possibility of a non - peaceful solution .
" last year tibet autonomous region , which has a population of 2.5 million , saw its economic development staying above the national average level of growth for the sixth consecutive year and turned in a gdp of renminbi 10.335 billion yuan , up 9.1 percent from the previous year .
legqog , a deputy to the third session of the ninth national people 's congress and chairman of the tibet autonomous regional people 's government , was full of confidence throughout when speaking of tibet 's development .
legqog said : because of historical , geographical , and many other reasons , the tibetan economy is lagging behind others and has a weak foundation . nevertheless , tibet , as part of a vigorously growing china , must quicken its pace of progress to bring about constant qualitative leaps in the tibetan economy .
to this end , both the central authorities and tibet will take forceful measures .
in conjunction with the state 's implementation of the strategy of developing the western region on a large scale , tibet will accelerate infrastructure construction .
he considers tibet 's present industrial structure as irrational . with the primary industry carrying too much weight , the secondary industry carrying too little weight , and the tertiary industry being undeveloped , it has the typical characteristics of an agricultural economy .
it is particularly important to do a good job of settlement to solve as soon as possible the problem of peasants and herdsmen 's subsistence in areas with harsh conditions .
we will strive to build within five years a backbone highway network that is readily accessible and facilitates unimpeded transportation , work hard for an early start of the project of building a railroad into tibet , and develop aviation undertakings .
in the area of energy , we will do all we can to set up large power plants and large power grids .
we are going to build a number of small cities and towns centering about lhasa and the seats of various administrative offices by laying stress on county seats and some transportation hubs .
speaking of tibet 's opening up to the outside world , legqog said : this year we are doing all we can to make foreign direct investment grow more than three times over last year .
we are also taking the nationwide support for tibet as a turning point and developing extensive contacts and cooperation with inland provinces and municipalities , particularly the 15 provinces and municipalities providing specific assistance to tibet .
the 10 th conference of the 6 th central standing committee of the taiwan democratic self - government league convened on 8 march in beijing .
taiwan league honorary chairman cai zimin and others attended as nonvoting delegates .
the conference endorsed in full the government work report delivered by premier zhu rongji , and the work report of the political consultative conference standing committee delivered by vice chairman ye xuanping .
the conference believed that the previous year was an extraordinary one in the history of china development .
under the leadership of the central committee of the chinese communist party with jiang zemin as its core , china reform and opening up , and all of its undertakings in construction , achieved new and important results .
the conference pointed out that , after the return of hong kong and macau to the motherland , the sacred mission of resolving the taiwan issue and realizing complete unification of the motherland soon has an even more prominent position facing all of china sons and daughters , including taiwan compatriots and overseas chinese compatriots .
the conference endorsed in full the principles and policies expounded in the state council office for taiwan affairs and state council news office white paper , one - china policy and the taiwan issue .
the conference studied key points of this year work of participating in the administration and discussion of state affairs , and relevant items of work for the 11 th conference of the 6 th central standing committee of the taiwan democratic self - government league .
just as zhang wannian , vice chairman of the central military commission , stressed at a group discussion meeting held by the pla delegation to the national people 's congress [ npc ] session : we absolutely have the determination , confidence , capability , and ways to resolve the taiwan issue . "
while commenting on " the statement that taiwan independence means war and that secession will bring no peace " at a recent interview , su longxu , senior engineer of a certain research institute of the pla second artillery corps , expressed the above views .
female senior engineer su longxu , aged 37 , has developed over 40 scientific and technological accomplishments over the past 10 years . out of the total , seven were first - class and second - class awards for military scientific and technological progress , and eight items were awarded national patents .
in 1999 , she was awarded the title of the third " young outstanding national scientific and technological pioneer . "
commenting on the reporter 's remark that foreign news reports saying taiwan has military superiority at present , su longxu maintained : whether there is military superiority will comprehensively depend on the levels of weapons , personnel , and environment .
are the imported weapons in completely complementary sets ?
are they advanced weapons ?
do the weapon users have a specific objective whereby they understand for whom they are drilling and fighting ?
are they competent ?
is the geographic environment conducive ?
after comprehensively analyzing the above factors , su longxu said that she could not see how taiwan could have any military superiority over mainland china .
at the meetings respectively held by shandong and hebei delegations , shandong deputies zhao zhibing , wang jiarui , wang xiujun , su shoutang and jiang cuibo , and hebei deputies cheng weigao , zhang zhixue , yan wenbin , and wang shaohua took the floor one after another .
the deputies expressed their satisfaction with the report on the work of the npc standing committee and believed that it is of great guiding significance in helping local people 's congresses successfully carry out their work .
it is hoped that supervisory law would be formulated rapidly so as to standardize supervision work in the form of law .
deputies suggested that the npc further strengthen guidance for local people 's congresses and broaden the channels for contacts between deputies and the masses .
deputies also raised questions on democracy , the legal system , reform of state - owned enterprises , and quality education .
li peng gave speeches at both of the meetings held by the delegations .
he first affirmed the achievements made by shandong and hebei provinces in developing the economy , advancing reform , and ensuring stability , and gave opinions on the future development thoughts of these two provinces .
in line with the speeches given by deputies , he made remarks on the supervision work of people 's congresses .
he pointed out : in carrying out supervision work , the people 's congresses should follow the principle of upholding the party 's leadership , not exercising judicial authority and procuratorial power on a commission basis , and collectively exercising function and power .
li peng also offered opinions on state - owned enterprise reform , quality education , and opening up to the outside world .
wu guanzheng , member of the cpc central committee political bureau and secretary of the shandong provincial party committee , and cheng siwei , vice chairman of the npc standing committee , both attended the meetings held by shandong and hebei delegations .
after earnestly listening to the deputies ' views , wei jianxing spoke on taking a correct view of the anticorruption situation .
wei jianxing pointed out that having a correct understanding of the anticorruption situation is the premise for correct policymaking and also the basis for strengthening confidence in opposing corruption .
in looking at the anticorruption situation , we must first look to see whether the anticorruption line , principles , and policies are correct .
practice has proven that the central authorities ' series of policy decisions and arrangements are completely correct , practical , and effective , and have laid the foundation and pointed out the orientation for us to explore and embark on an anticorruption path suited to our basic national condition in the current stage .
this is a decisive factor in judging the anticorruption situation .
as a result of many years of effort , the anticorruption struggle is now gradually embarking on the track of switching from emphasizing curbs to curing the symptoms and the cause and gradually intensifying the effort to deal with the cause .
a good situation of in - depth development has emerged . the momentum of the spread and development of negative corruption phenomena has slowed down somewhat in places and departments that have done the work relatively well , and a number of deep - seated corruption problems are now being gradually exposed .
the notable results gained in each stage of the struggle have provided the necessary conditions and an important guarantee for preserving and promoting the overall situation of reforms , development , and stability .
this struggle involves all aspects of strengthening the building of the party and political power in the new era .
we must realize that the main stream of the party member and cadre force is good , the building of socialist democracy and law is being continually stepped up , and china 's reforms and construction will be further promoted .
so long as we unswervingly implement the important policy decision and arrangements of the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin as the core , uphold the guideline of being strict with party members , and further intensify supervision , the anticorruption struggle will certainly develop in depth and continually achieve new and still greater results .
this year is the last one for the implementation of the " eight - seven " [ ba qi 0360 0003 ] program to tackle difficult problems in poverty relief , when there are still 12 million people with food and clothing problems to be basically solved through the poverty relief and development program .
in 1994 , implementation of the " eight - seven " program to tackle difficult problems in poverty relief work was formally launched . in 1999 , the central authorities convened a poverty relief work conference in beijing . all these have clearly indicated the orientation for tackling difficult problems in poverty relief work .
through active probings in the past few years while tackling difficult problems in supporting the poor , all localities have accumulated an abundance of experiences .
after years of efforts , out of guizhou 's 10 million poor people , 7.13 million have extricated themselves from poverty .
small loans in support of the poor have reaped tremendous results .
now , the vast majority of the rest of the poor are those living in remote areas which are hard to get to and lacking in resources and where the ecological environment is extremely bad .
according to the npc deputies , this concentrated training has enabled the whole country to be more clear about how to tackle difficult problems of poverty relief work and to take more concrete steps with more confidence .
npc deputy yang caishou of guangxi said guangxi will do poverty relief and development work in combination with the grand development of the western region to do well in building infrastructure projects in the poor areas and further improve their production and living conditions .
npc deputy li fashen of gansu said all provinces and autonomous regions in the west will set up an exclusive fund to increase the input to help the poor with science and technology .
in response to this question , shi guangsheng made the aforementioned remarks .
this is because the wto 's nondiscriminatory principle demands mutual granting of most - favored - nation status .
the bilateral wto agreement that china and the united states concluded last november is a win - win and mutually beneficial agreement as a result of hard work on both sides .
he pointed out : a pntr status that is clean and neat [ gan jing li luo 0051 3228 0448 5507 ] with no strings attached is the basis and prerequisite for implementing bilateral agreements , including the sino - us agricultural agreement ; it is also a commitment made by the us side .
if the us side misses the golden opportunity , it will lose the vast chinese market .
shi guangsheng said : most us politicians and the overwhelming majority of american enterprises firmly support resolution of the issue of pntr with china .
he said : this is a very important opportunity . in the words of president clinton , failure to seize this opportunity will cause regret over the next 20 years or the next generation .
whether china can join the wto is c ompletely up to a vote in favor by two - thirds of the wto members at the multilateral level following the conclusion of bilateral negotiations ; whereas pntr is a matter affecting the implementation of the sino - us bilateral agreement .
in the course of seriously enforcing law and trying cases , judicial organs throughout the country also raised judicial proposals to the relevant department in light of the problems they had discovered from specific cases , thus making positive contributions to promoting reform and opening up , ensuring steady economic development , and safeguarding social stability .
beijing , 13 mar ( xinhua ) - - shi guangsheng , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , said today : china has already concluded negotiations and reached bilateral agreements with 27 world trade organization [ wto ] members , out of a total of 37 wto members which requested to hold bilateral talks with china .
bilateral negotiations between china and wto members on china 's entry to the wto have entered the final concluding stage .
the eu is an important trading partner of china , and has been supporting china 's bid to join the wto for a long time .
shi guangsheng said : these two rounds of talks have attained important progress .
commenting on the issues that the united states may not grant china permanent normal trade relations [ pntr ] status and its impact on china 's entry to the wto , shi guangsheng said : china does not want to see the united states fail to resolve the issue of pntr with china .
a pntr status that is clean and neat [ gan jing li luo 0051 3228 0448 5507 ] with no strings attached is the basis and prerequisite for implementing bilateral agreements , including the sino - us agricultural agreement ; it is also a commitment made by the us side .
although they are regular sessions , the focus of the government work and the administrative policies for the near future has attracted the attention of the people .
from premier zhu rongji 's government work report and the examination and discussion of the report of npc deputies and cppcc members , the people have strongly felt that the chinese government has been consciously readjusting its own role and functions in developing market economy under the new situation .
attach great importance to management .
unlike the " dislocation " of government and enterprise management in the past , the strengthening of management this year is focused on readjusting " game rules " and maintaining market order .
thus we can see that in the future , china 's effort in readjusting government functions will be concentrated on the playing of the role of " referee " in market economy .
pay close attention to the people 's livelihood .
in addition , the promotion of state enterprise reform has increased the number of laid - off workers , and the reform of housing , medical , and educational systems has added burdens to the people .
the increasingly great concern over the people 's livelihood has indicated that the government has been expanding the range of " humanism " and mapping out ideas in an even more balanced way .
appropriately control the economy .
however , from the new atmosphere of this year 's " two sessions , " we have already heard about the " spring footsteps " of the self - improvement of the chinese government .
shi guangsheng , minister of the chinese ministry of foreign trade and economic cooperation , said today that china 's wto accession will be conducive to the development of the chinese mainland 's ties of trade and economic cooperation with hong kong and macao .
beijing , 13 march (zts) - - the grand development of the western region is an important policy of china in the new century .
second , foreign - funded enterprises in central and western regions still enjoy a 15 - percent income tax rate for three consecutive years after the expiration of the preferential policies granted to them .
third , if a foreign business re - invests in another project in the west with the money it earns , and its investment ratio exceeds 25 percent , the project will receive the same preferential treatment as a foreign - funded project .
beijing , 13 mar ( xinhua ) - - foreign - invested enterprises in china 's central and western regions enjoying the state 's encouragement policy on foreign investment projects will still be entitled to 15 - percent income tax for another three consecutive years upon completion of the existing preferential policy .
this was disclosed by shi guangsheng , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , at a news conference during the third session of the ninth people 's congress today .
he said that the chinese government will allow foreign - invested enterprises in coastal regions to contract for the operation and management of foreign - invested or chinese - invested enterprises in central and western regions .
to this end , china will make corresponding adjustments and revisions to those laws , regulations , and policies that are incompatible with wto rules after its accession to the wto .
it is now making preparations for this , mainly by sorting things out .
he said : of course , we must open up further and implement wto rules when making revisions and improvements . at the same time , we must take full advantage of wto rules to protect the country 's economic security .
whether as gatt or the wto , the organization has played an important role in promoting the development of world trade and in establishing a new and just international economic order .
fourth , economic and trade disputes among members can be resolved and dealt with on an equal footing through the wto 's dispute settlement mechanism . shi guangsheng pointed out : accession to the wto will also bring some challenges and pressures to bear on china .
the deputies freely aired their views , and the atmosphere at the two meetings was very lively .
after the jilin deputies had spoken , jiang zemin said that jilin is a major agricultural province which makes a great contribution to the state as a major grain - growing area and an important marketable grain base .
jilin 's agriculture has developed very rapidly in recent years , and grain processing and conversion has also been grasped very well .
this is what the chinese people have dreamed of for thousands of years , and is a stupendous achievement .
jiang zemin emphasized that at a time when we have reaped bumper harvests in successive years and there is a surplus of agricultural produce , we must be sure to guard against tendencies to neglect and slacken off in agriculture , and firmly embrace the idea of strengthening the foundation status of agriculture .
at present our agricultural infrastructure is not very strong ; in many places there has been no fundamental change in the conditions for agricultural production ; agriculture has not fundamentally been extricated from dependence on heaven , and a retrogression may occur when we encounter a major natural disaster .
we must absolutely not lightly say that agriculture has already made the grade ; we cannot say that for several decades .
this is a long - term guideline .
jiang zemin pointed out that at present it is necessary to focus on grasping three things in not slackening off in agriculture : first , unceasingly step up the construction of agricultural infrastructure .
the most important thing is to protect the arable land and the peasants ' enthusiasm .
third , we must vigorously promote the progress of agricultural science and technology .
we must develop animal husbandry and the processing of agricultural produce , and increase the value of grain through conversion .
after listening to the gansu delegates ' speeches , jiang zemin said , gansu 's geographical location in west china is extremely important ; the province has rich mineral resources and also abundant tourism resources .
i visited gansu in 1992 and 1995 , when the spirit of the people of all nationalities of gansu in laboring amid hardship and waging arduous struggle made a profound impression on me .
gansu 's economy has developed relatively rapidly since the launch of reform and opening up , and the province has achieved successes in all its work .
the great development of the west is a vast project ; it is necessary to adapt to the new situation in developing socialist market economy , respect objective laws , highlight the focal points , and carry out the work in a measured way , step by step .
still more important , the western regions must mobilize the initiative of all sectors ; through deepening the reforms and expanding their opening up to the world , they should form new mechanisms and methods and attract talent , funds , and technology .
they should fully exploit their own characteristics , do a good job in infrastructure construction , cultivate strong - point industries , develop science and technology education , improve protection of the ecological environment , and enable the economy of the west to develop still better and faster in the new century .
jiang zemin emphasized that reform of the state enterprises is the key link in the entire reform of the economic structure and is also the most important task in economic work this year .
state enterprise reform has achieved major progress and enterprise economic returns have markedly turned for the better in recent years , as a result of the common efforts of the whole party and the cadres and workers .
this year is the last year for achieving the goal of extricating the state enterprises from difficulty in three years , and the whole party must work with concerted efforts to achieve this goal .
at present it is necessary to focus on doing a good job in the following respects : first , speed up the establishment of a modern enterprise system and change the enterprises ' operational mechanism .
the key to running the state enterprises well lies in establishing new systems and mechanisms ; external conditions can help the enterprises to overcome temporary difficulties , but cannot solve their fundamental problems .
second , carry out a strategic readjustment of the pattern of the national economy and reorganization of the state enterprises .
the important thing is , it is necessary to sensitively grasp the trends of domestic and foreign economic development , carry out timely readjustment of the pattern and structure of state - owned economy , promote enterprise combination and reorganization , and enhance the overall quality of state - owned economy .
the state must focus on cultivating a number of strong and competitive large enterprises and consortia , and turn them into pillars of the national economy and the main force in participating in international competition .
at the same time , we should adopt a variety of forms to let go and enliven medium - sized and small state enterprises , and actively encourage and support the development of non - public ownership such as individual and private ownership .
the progress of science and technology has become the decisive factor in the development of the enterprises and of the entire economy .
gansu must speed up the revamping of its traditional industries , to bring new vitality into old enterprises .
the enterprise party organizations must fully play their part as the political core , and wholeheartedly rely on the worker masses .
the more that an enterprise is in difficulties , the more must the leading cadres there have a good mental outlook , and the more must they be honest and self - disciplined and share weal and woe with the worker masses .
we must properly handle the relations between reform , development , and stability .
jiang chunyun and wen jiabao respectively attended the jilin and gansu delegation meetings .
the npc delegates said that the mutual exchange of the most - favored - nation treatment is a normal trade arrangement between states .
the long practice of the yearly review of giving china the most - favored - nation treatment with conditions attached has seriously impacted the stable development of the economic and trade relations between china and the united states .
current us domestic laws , however , set obstacles on giving china the pntr treatment , which not only runs counter to the wto principles but also constitutes a major stumbling block to the development of the bilateral economic and trade relations between china and the united states .
delegate wang huabin said the us administration has made a wise choice over this issue .
china 's joining the wto will benefit both countries .
he said that whereas most us congressmen support giving china pntr status , some congressmen are against it due to their lack of understanding about china or to their being influenced by some ideologies .
he said these us congressmen should go out and listen to genuine calls , which will then help change their views .
beijing , 13 mar ( xinhua ) - - zhu rongji , member of the standing committee of the cpc central committee and premier of the state council , this morning attended a discussion meeting of the anhui delegation to the third session of the ninth national people 's congress .
he emphasized that the government work personnel at all levels must not come out with empty talk but must truly go deep into the grass roots , care for the masses ' woes , and handle well those affairs related to the masses ' vital interests .
deputy wang taihua spoke on the overall situation of work in anhui and the line of thinking on future development . he declared that it is necessary to follow the central authorities ' arrangements and do a good job in organizing trial points for the reform of rural taxes and charges .
deputy huang haisong gave views on establishing a modern enterprise system and doing a good job of reforming state enterprises and extricating them from difficulty .
deputy zhao shucong gave views on stepping up the building of systems , and administering the government and managing things with strictness .
deputy cai qinhua spoke on improving water conservancy construction , he suggested that the intensity of investment in this work be maintained in the next few years .
deputy sun guangyun reflected the views of the rural grassroots cadres and masses on the restructuring of rural industry .
deputies ma yuanfei , zhu weifang , and zang shikai also spoke .
zhu rongji spoke after earnestly listening to the deputies ' speeches .
government at all levels and enterprises of all types must attach great importance to safety in production , discover and eliminate in good time hidden dangers that could cause accidents , and truly ensure the safety of life and property .
in order to achieve sustained economic development and social stability in the rural areas , in present circumstances when it is quite difficult for the peasants to increase income , it is necessary to focus on tackling the work of lightening the peasants ' burdens .
zhu rongji emphasized that it is essential to continue to step up water conservancy construction ; investment in this work can only be increased and not reduced .
we must ceaselessly work to tame the big rivers and lakes .
wang mingshan , zhou shaosen , and li yanling respectively delivered speeches on stepping up rural water conservancy works . they also made proposals on deepening the reform of the education and management systems .
he said that the strengthening of political power and organizations at the grassroots level is very important . it is a systems engineering and an essential foundation for developing the west .
as a result , there will be no market for " falungong " and other heresy , ignorance , and superstition .
the political power at the grassroots level directly faces the masses so it is extremely important to strengthen the building of the basic level cadres and ensure proper distribution of them .
after some years , we will certainly be able to train a contingent of outstanding cadres who have been tempered at the grassroots levels and who cherish an affection for the masses .
zeng qinghong , alternate member of the cpc central committee political bureau , secretary of the secretariat , and minister of the central organization department , was present on the occasion .
this year is the 20 th anniversary of the founding of china 's special economic zones ( sezs ) .
the abovesaid " source " is the greatness and correctness of deng xiaoping theory , and the abovesaid " advance " is the demand on the sezs to create more advantages and scale new heights .
touchstone of basic national policies , milestone of reform , opening up at the current " two sessions , " the deputies and members said that the chapter on the sezs in reform and opening up will not be omitted in the future textbooks of history , even in any kind of their abridged versions .
shenzhen , the modern metropolis that grew from a small fishing village , will never forget where all this has come from .
in 1980 , deng xiaoping , with his great foresight , proposed the momentous strategic decision to set up sezs .
since then , china has opened a new chapter in the annals of reform and opening up .
deputy li changchun passed on his experience saying : during the past 20 years , earthshaking changes have taken place in guangdong , and remarkable achievements have been scored in the sezs and the area of the chu jiang delta , which first obtained the benefits of reform and opening up .
here , with its cultivated land less than one - fourth of the entire province , its total output value and financial income respectively reached about 70 percent and 80 percent of the province 's total , and has become one of the most developed areas in china .
member li youwei said : the development history of the sezs can be called the history of practice with regard to the establishment and perfection of the socialist market economic structure .
in order to develop economy and advance toward the market , it is necessary to shake off the yoke of the old structure , make bold exploration , and dare to do pioneering work ahead of others .
in this regard , a good many new practices and systems have originated from the sezs .
this is the momentous contribution of the sezs which has radiated the entire nation .
in promoting reform and opening up in a still larger scope , innumerable pieces of glittering genuine gold have been discovered through this touchstone of the sezs .
deputy wang jun said : the experience gained by the sezs also produced positive effects in the formulation of laws and regulations .
as the market economy developed comparatively earlier in the sezs , some new problems cropped up in the course of the development . as some laws and regulations in the past were no longer suited to the new situation , there arose the demands for legislation with stress on the economic legislation .
some of the local laws and regulations practiced in guangdong marched at the head of the entire nation and played the role as an experimental plot for the fraternal provinces , cities , and even the whole country .
if we are content with just being better off and make no effort to forge ahead , we will lag behind the age very soon .
if we do not make advances , we are unable to return the kindness of the party in practicing the " policy to enrich the people " so that the sezs are able to become prosperous earlier than other places .
we should take advantage of the development which claims precedence over others and the environment which is favorable to starting an undertaking to become the best junctures for merging china with the world .
the chinese academy of social sciences [ cass ] today convened a meeting on the work of party secretaries and disciplinary inspection to earnestly implement the spirit of the fourth plenary session of the central commission for discipline inspection [ ccdi ] .
li tieying stressed the need to fully understand that safeguarding the party 's political and propaganda discipline is of paramount importance to running the cass well .
li tieying pointed out that if marxism or proletariat ideas do not occupy the ideological field , various non - marxist , nonproletarian ideas , or even anti - marxist ideas , will capture it .
in conducting research in philosophy and social sciences , we should conscientiously and resolutely implement the principle of " letting a hundred flowers bloom and a hundred schools of thought contend , " while upholding and strengthening the guiding position of marxism in the ideological field .
on behalf of the cass leading party group , wang luolin , deputy secretary of the cass leading party group and cass vice president , clearly stated the requirements on the implementation of the fourth plenary session of the ccdi , the strengthening of party building , and the maintenance of political discipline .
the meeting was presided over by li shenming , member of the cass leading party group and cass vice president .
though taiwan is part of chinese territory , the united states enacted laws to protect taiwan . despite china 's protests , the united states asserted in self - justification that it has to protect taiwan in accordance with the law because china has threatened taiwan . what logic is this !
proposing three possible cases of counterattack according to the source , zhang wannian said that whether there will be a sino - us military conflict in the taiwan strait hinges on the us china strategy .
however , china does not promise that it will not launch nuclear counterattacks if a foreign country launches hegemonic military aggression against it .
recently the people dumped their stocks in the market , which reflected to a certain degree the sentiments of the taiwan populace .
the cppcc meeting also adopted a resolution on resolutely opposing the " two - state theory " and " taiwan independence . "
the early settlement of the taiwan question has become the national policy .
so , beijing must make full preparations and strive for the best result . however , it also prepares for the worst .
the cross - strait talks cannot be carried out because the united states has played a part in backing the " taiwan independence " forces .
so china must work out plans for constraining and checking the schemes of the anti - china forces in foreign countries .
the " renmin ribao " commentator 's article stresses : we should strengthen study , establish our footing on coping with the complicated situation , analyze in an all - round manner all kinds of problems and consequences that may occur , and take precautions beforehand .
the chinese people will not sit watching any acts of damaging china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the " taiwan independence " forces led by lee teng - hui should not miscalculate the determination of the chinese people .
without stability , nothing can be accomplished , and we will lose what we have gained .
although the current situation of china 's efforts to carry out in - depth reform , promote development and maintain stability is excellent , we also need to be soberly aware of the fact that we face many difficulties and problems , which if badly handled will affect the situation of stability .
maintaining social stability and state security are the basic conditions for promoting reform , opening up , and modernization construction .
it is necessary to harshly crack down on domestic and foreign hostile forces ' sabotage and on various criminal activities .
crackdown emphasis needs to be placed on serious economic crime , violent crime , drug - related crime , organized crime , hooligans , robbery , thefts , abduction and selling of women and children , cultist organizations like " falungong " according to law and protect the people 's lives and ensure their property safety .
there is a need to further implement the measures of the comprehensive management of public order and to create an excellent public order environment .
reform means profound social change .
how to correctly master such a profound change that not only promotes social development but also maintains social stability is a major matter that will impact on the overall situation and that involves an important art of leadership .
at present , people in the nation are comprehensively implementing various tasks set forth at the 15 th cpc national congress and are working hard to realize the magnificent cross - century construction goals with one heart and one mind and in an enterprising spirit .
both domestic and foreign hostile forces do not want to see the development of a strong , prosperous , and stable socialist china . they hope for chaos in china . they are constantly trying to " westernize " and " divide " china so as to achieve change amid chaos and to fish in troubled waters .
we should cherish the situation of stability and the situation of stable development in our country we cherish our own eyes and help create an excellent social environment for reform , opening up , and socialist modernization construction .
at present , people of our country are no longer worried about the question of whether china should join wto , but are concerned with making good preparations to face the changes after china 's entry into wto .
although china and the european union have not yet reached an agreement , it is believed the agreement can be reached before long .
among the 36 countries wishing to hold negotiations with china , 25 member countries have reached agreements with us . negotiations with the remaining countries are being stepped up .
therefore , we should unify our thinking and make full preparations to meet the challenge . the entry into wto will have a profound influence on china 's political and economic affairs and social life .
the degree of openness , making public various kinds of information , standardization , and the opening of the cultural market as required by wto will have apparent and potential influence on our country 's political system and management methods .
the entry into wto will have an impact on our traditional industries . jobs in coal , machinery processing , steel , and mining industries will be reduced by a great extent . the free trade in agriculture may reduce the income of our peasants .
actually , all government departments , all trades and enterprises and people should carefully study and analyze difficulties they may face when china enters the wto , formulate appropriate policies , and appropriately adjust the direction of development .
the government departments should pay attention to modifying government functions , changing management methods , promoting the separation of the functions of government from those of enterprises , reducing direct administrative intervention , improving work methods , and raising efficiency and managerial ability .
the people are the final ones to be affected by china 's entry into the wto . the entry into the wto can bring certain benefits to them , but meanwhile they will also face many challenges . those who can grab opportunities first in the transitional period will be able to gain true benefits .
recently , all principal newspapers and networks have set up special columns on china 's entry into the wto , carried related articles to introduce knowledge and regulations related to the wto , and explained advantages and disadvantages of joining the wto .
some organizations and research institutes have held symposia on the subject of china 's entry into the wto , and people welcomed those meetings .
in this global information network era , it only takes 600 milliseconds for a piece of information to transmit from the united states to china , and a hacker from across the ocean might arrive on your computer in one second .
a national people 's congress [ npc ] deputy from the people 's liberation army [ pla ] who engages in internet research said that a hacker attack occurs every 20 seconds in the present - day world .
when discussing internet security , awareness about hidden dangers cropped up in these deputies ' minds - - national defense information security is facing a serious challenge .
pla deputies said that foreign armed forces take serious account of information .
the us military officially announced that it had listed information war as regular military war , and the taiwan authorities not long ago also claimed that they had created several thousand kinds of computer viruses in preparation for information war .
deputies li chunhe and yang yunzhong were of the opinion that the hidden dangers in our internet information security are prominently as follows : first is the " technological traps " unknown to us in the large amount of technology and equipment introduced from abroad .
second is the weakness in our preventive measures when using high technology to obtain information from abroad .
in face of war without gunpowder , these deputies called for more rapid development of china 's information security technology .
some deputies said that internet battles are battles between high - tech forces . to thoroughly get rid of the " technological traps " in imported equipment , the fundamental way is to master the key technology in software and hardware .
for example , we should develop reliable computer security check technology as soon as possible ; install chinese - made security and secret system and devices on imported equipment ; and initiate china 's internet transmission agreements .
as long as the state concentrates human , material , and financial resources to overcome difficulties in key information security technology , there will be much hope of success .
an urgent task now is to enact a national defense information security law .
deputy li chunhe pointed out the need to establish national defense information security regulations as soon as possible to protect , among other things , national defense information security , leading organs for national defense information security , and national defense information network management .
the " proposal on enacting a national defense information security law " raised by deputy yang yunzhong aroused strong responses among the deputies .
the deputies said that only when our national defense information system remains safe with the construction of a solid national defense network , will the information network enable the chinese armed forces to take off .
the us media described the political change in domestic iran as " an encouraging sign to the west . "
washington has claimed that it stands by the pro - khatami " democratic reformists . "
it seems that the united states is being a little foolishly sentimental .
an article carried in the british newspaper " independent " dated 22 february questioned : " if the united states sincerely supports the implementation of democracy in iran , why does it not support the same in saudi arabia ?
does the united states truly want a tehran with freedom of speech and a parliament that can without limit turn down the us proposals on policy making ?
if khatami supports all along the guerrilla forces which want to drive the israeli occupants off of their soil , what 's to be done ?
the insight of this british writer is very cruel , with each of the words sharp as a knife and striking at the very center of the issue .
the grounds of the argument for this conclusion are as follows : after the election in iran , the traditional allies of the united states in the middle east began to dispel their fear towards the islamic regime in tehran .
king fahd of saudi arabia has officially invited iran 's supreme leader khamenei to pay a state visit to saudi arabia .
president khatami has emphasized the joint efforts of the people of all countries in the gulf to ensure regional peace and security , and " the foreign elements and their military power must leave this region . "
the reason and support for the us military presence in the gulf have disappeared .
in addition , president khatami has all along expressed support for the guerrilla struggle in southern lebanon , a political attitude which is obviously unfavorable for the strategic and geopolitical interests in the middle east conceived by the united states .
the analysis above seems to carry an inherent logic .
history and experiences tell people that it is exactly the us involvement and interference in iran which leads to the strong cultural backlash from the people in iran .
if the united states defines its strategic interests as controlling the gulf region , and ignores the interests , demands , and cultural characteristics of the people in that region , it may only mean plenty of trouble and no sign of seeing days of peace for the united states .
chen kuiyuan , deputy to the national people 's congress [ npc ] and secretary of the tibet autonomous regional cpc committee , said : protecting social and political stability is an important subject .
deputy chen kuiyuan said : for decades , people in tibet have always longed for a stable and peaceful social environment .
however , the separatist clique headed by the 14 th dalai lama has been continuously making trouble and sabotage with the support of western hostile forces . this has greatly delayed the pace of the tibetan people 's development and progress .
deputy chen kuiyuan pointed out : we must be sober - minded , never forget for a single moment the reason of " stability being a matter of paramount importance , " and guarantee social and political stability .
at present the root cause of disruption of stability in tibet is the separatist force headed by the 14 th dalai lama with the support of the western hostile forces .
under the signboard of minority nationality and religion , they attempt to split the country and turn tibet into a vassal state of the western forces .
they also make every attempt to instigate and direct turmoil and disturbances to obstruct tibet 's economic construction , social stability , and national rejuvenation .
we must never slacken our vigilance for a moment and must be ready at all times to smash their plots and schemes to harm the country and tibet .
meanwhile , some corrupt and vile things , and remnants of feudalism may also emerge to interfere with our socialist modernization drive .
in short , we should use the forces of economic development , the legal system , and moral principle to guarantee a healthy and orderly development and progress of the society .
it is the common aspiration of sons and daughters of the chinese nation to see the motherland reunify and it is the firm faith in the hearts of sons and daughters of the chinese nation both at home and abroad to safeguard reunification of the motherland .
the present relations across the taiwan strait are faced with a severe test .
how to settle the taiwan issue has become a topic of conversation for all the people as well as the focus of attention of deputies attending the national people 's congress [ npc ] session and committee members attending the session of the national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] this year .
jin kaicheng , vice chairman of the central committee of the jiusan [ september 3 ] society and member of the cppcc national committee , said : of the chinese nation 's fine historical and cultural traditions , a strong consciousness of reunification is the most infectious and appealing .
handed down through thousands of years , this strong national cohesion has neither weakened with the passage of time nor been shaken by the changes of dynasty and instead has become a lofty standard of value and passionate political belief that has taken root in the depth of the heart of every chinese .
wu kangmin , an npc deputy from hong kong , believes a great majority of chinese hope china will accomplish the great cause of reunification at an early date and chinese of the older generation , having gone through protracted national tribulations , are even more eager to see china reunify and become powerful .
from the angle of overall national interest , we cannot let the taiwan issue drag on indefinitely either .
liang zhongqiu , vice chairman of the council of returned macao chinese and member of the cppcc national committee , said : national reunification and national rejuvenation are the common aspirations of sons and daughters of the chinese nation around the world .
we would under no circumstances consent to any attempts to disrupt national reunification and split the motherland .
an engineer of taiwan origin who was in his fifties said that our compatriots in taiwan have suffered much tribulation because of the separation and deeply understand that china will have strength only through reunification and unity .
in hoping to maintain the status quo , our compatriots in taiwan mean to keep taiwan 's present socioeconomic system and way of life unchanged and absolutely not to maintain for an extended period the " status quo " of separation from the mainland of our country as some people from the taiwan authorities have attempted .
it is impossible to fulfill the desires to seek advancement , seek development , and raise their international status with china being in a state of separation .
lin donghai , chairman of the tdsgl guangdong provincial committee and member of the cppcc national committee , said : there is no bargaining for the one - china policy .
zeng yucheng , a cppcc national committee member from hong kong , said : compatriots in hong kong would under no circumstance approve of " taiwan independence " or the " two states " theory ; this counter - current finds no market at all in hong kong .
after reviewing the taiwan people 's anti - aggression history , xie yuchen , a cppcc national committee member from the cultural and art circles , said : the " taiwan independence " [ proposition ] has met with the resolute opposition of the taiwan people who have a patriotic tradition and cannot possibly prevail .
the " taiwan security enhancement act " [ tsea ] bill will be reviewed by the senate after being passed by the house of representatives . if the senate or clinton veto the bill , it will not become law .
the actual situation is far from simple , however .
while the bill was adopted by the house , those who opposed it were in the majority in the house .
a small minority of us congressmen and anti - china forces took the opportunity to make unwarranted charges against china 's stand on not pledging to abandon the use of force against taiwan and to play up china 's move to increase its threats of force against taiwan .
others believed that the majority of congressmen supported the bill .
once senators who advocate passing the bill feel confident of winning a majority , they will prompt the senate to hold a vote .
so far , clinton himself , secretary of state albright , and berger , assistant to the president for national security affairs , have explicitly opposed the " tsea " bill and made clear that the president will exercise his veto power .
the statement was deliberately made by the us government to foreshadow future events .
moreover , is clinton 's pledge to veto it reliable ?
clinton will be helpless if both houses overturn his veto by a two - thirds majority and pass the bill into law .
the house passed the " tsea " bill by a vote of 342 to 69 , well exceeding a two - thirds majority .
when the congress holds another vote on the presidential veto , the government must secure one - third of congressmen 's votes against the bill .
it is not difficult to imagine how great the influence of the outgoing president can be .
if anti - china congressmen are determined to pass the " tsea " bill into law , many legislative methods are available to them .
they can take the bill as an amendment and link it to certain important government - backed legislation related to foreign countries . thus , the president has to either accept or veto it completely .
if it is linked with the appropriations legislation to be adopted annually , it will be almost impossible for clinton to veto it ; otherwise he will risk the shutdown of government departments .
they can also take part of the " tsea " as a separate bill or link it to other legislation . because this will be less harmful , the possibility of meeting congressional opposition and the presidential veto can be reduced significantly .
they can dilute the text of the bill and weaken the " tsea " to the extent that the majority of congressmen can accept it before holding a vote .
the fourth is the issue of the compromise between the government and the congress .
to meet their respective political needs , the congress will not deliberate on overturning the presidential veto if clinton agrees to implement what is required by the bill while vetoing it .
this form of secret deal is a major characteristic of us politics and is not uncommon on the issue of us china policy .
so long as there are people who promote the bill , its threat will always exist .
the chinese government has attached importance to sino - us relations and valued the friendship between the peoples of the two countries . it is willing to develop bilateral relations on the basis of equality and mutual respect .
the chinese people will never waver in their determination to defend national sovereignty and territorial integrity and to realize national reunification .
china is not what it was 150 years ago . it absolutely will not allow any foreign country to meddle in its internal matters , nor will it tolerate the separation of its territory .
we advise a small minority of congressmen not to underestimate the chinese people 's determination and ability to defend national sovereignty and territory ; otherwise they will only bump their heads against a wall .
prof wang believes that the accession to the wto will speed up the development of the rule of law in china .
in this connection , we first of all need to do away with discriminative regulations and those which contravene the principle of fair trade ( such as the past policy on compulsory export of foreign - funded companies ' products ) .
regarding the ban on foreign investment in some specific fields in certain localities , some cases are justifiable while others are not necessarily so .
some particular cases even do not conform with our commitment to the wto . this is a very important point because the chinese government and people have been known to be faithful to commitments .
we must stand by commitments that we have ever made . whatever articles of laws or regulations contravene our commitment should be changed as soon as possible and should not be kept valid any longer . through this process of consolidation and improvement , our laws , administrative ordinances , and administrative regulations will be substantially upgraded .
upon joining the wto , china will have to further relax restrictions on investments by foreign businessmen in 10 areas , including banking , insurance , telecommunications , commerce , foreign trade , and air transport , thus china 's service trades will be facing tremendous impacts .
this will be a very great challenge to us indeed and will surely impose an unprecedented pressure on us .
the pressure will first of all stem from the following problems - - how we are going to develop a whole package of mutually supporting laws and systems and how china will adapt itself to the new situation by perfecting its economic legislation .
by the way , i would like to also mention a few more things regarding the perfection of economic laws . 1 .
the perfection of intellectual property rights .
trips ( trade - related intellectual properties rights system ) mainly provides a system of regulations on intellectual property rights .
our current foreign trade agency and license systems do not fully meet the wto 's requirements . we should also consider allowing more entities to run foreign trade and alleviating control in this regard . 4 .
after china 's accession to the wto , the current three laws concerning foreign - funded companies should be merged into the prc company law , partnership law , and sole proprietorship law .
the reason why this merger is necessary is because the wto requires that its members give national treatment to each other in mutual investments , but our laws still do not meet this national treatment requirement in certain aspects .
first of all we must further implement the principle of fair competition and do our best to simplify government examination and approval procedures and minimize some inappropriate interference .
second , we must further adjust our economic legislation to international practice .
standing member of the politburo of the ccp central committee and chairman of the npc standing committee li peng this morning attended the plenary session of the npc hubei delegation at the great hall of the people .
after conscientiously hearing the speeches of the delegates , he counseled delegates to seize the great opportunity presented by the opening up of the west and to accelerate the regional economic development of central and western china .
at the scene of the hubei delegation meeting , delegates gave their speeches one after the other in an atmosphere of lively enthusiasm .
each delegate expressed his or her own views on such issues as the mission of the current npc , the three gorges project , and the problem of population resettlement , economic development of the early liberated areas and minority regions , and reform of state enterprises , setting off related discussion .
li peng expressed the view that if minority and impoverished regions are to develop successfully , they must first do a good job of infrastructure construction , and this includes transportation infrastructure .
li peng pointed out that comrade [ deng ] xiaoping had previously articulated the strategic ideas known as " two general situations " [ liang ge da ju ] . one idea was to fully exploit the fact that the region of eastern china was well situated to be developed first .
at present , the basic conditions are in place to implement the great opening up of the west and to accelerate the regional development of central and western china .
li peng said that the great opening up of the west represents a valuable opportunity to the whole country and to every region .
since the advent of the reform and open policies , the economy of every region in china has undergone substantial development , but such development has been uneven .
li peng counseled that certain impoverished locales of eastern china also must seize this opportunity to change their backward situation .
especially with respect to construction in areas with large natural - resource reserves , as well as population resettlement , hubei must make sound financial arrangements , standardize procedures within reason , and address the relationship between development of production and improved living standards .
alternate member of the politburo and state council member wu yi also attended today 's meeting .
at today 's news conference , a reporter asked : on 9 march , the us senate passed a resolution on " national day of tibet . "
this move of the us senate disregards the facts and the basic norms of international relations . it is a gross interference in china 's internal affairs . the chinese government and people express strong resentment over and firm opposition to this .
he said : tibet is part of china . tibet 's affairs are purely the internal affairs of china , in which no foreign countries have a right to interfere .
the chinese side strongly demands that the us senate strictly honor its commitment and immediately stop all acts that seek to exploit the tibet issue to interfere in china 's internal affairs .
jiang zemin , general secretary of the cpc central committee and president , respectively , attended the plenary meetings of the zhejiang and beijing delegations of the third session of the ninth national people 's congress in the great hall of the people this morning .
jiang zemin listened to the views of the delegates attentively and wrote down the key points of views of the delegates .
after listening attentively to the views of zhejiang delegates , jiang zemin delivered a speech at the meeting .
i hope that all of you can conscientiously sum up the past , work hard to open a new prospect in the future , and strive to take the lead in basically realizing socialist modernizations .
building socialism with chinese characteristics is a great cause without parallel in history , stressed jiang zemin .
jiang zemin pointed out : if china wants to gain a firm foothold and remain in an invincible position in acute international competitions , it has to give shape to its own development superiorities .
the eastern region has its own favorable conditions , and so do the central and western regions .
therefore , what counts is how different regions can analyze and study their own favorable conditions in a realistic approach , establish a development strategy that suits each 's local conditions , and give a better rein to the existing superiorities while turning potential superiorities into realistic ones as soon as possible .
so long as all regions can give shape to their own development superiorities and can make the superiorities of different regions complement one another , china can surely attain a faster and better growth .
in brief , we should step up our efforts in studying and resolving major strategic issues which have a far - reaching significance to the country 's economic and social development ; and constantly open up a new prospect in reform , development , and stability .
after listening to the views of beijing delegates , jiang zemin noted : the vast numbers of cadres and masses in beijing are working hard in unity , and have achieved new results in all aspects of their work .
jiang zemin pointed out : in the face of the surging waves of economic development and a scientific and technological revolution in our time , either we go forward or we will be left behind .
we should seize the present favorable opportunities , have the courage to make innovations , speed up our development , and come up from behind with keen determination .
we should step up efforts to study countermeasures against any defects and negative influences that may be caused by an economic globalization .
production relations should suit the requirements of the development of productive forces , while the development of productive forces can also promote the change and improvement of production relations ; and this is a basic principle of marxism .
we should bring into full play the advantages of both the cpc 's leadership and the socialist system , and make conscientious efforts to push forward the process of bringing about a mutually complementary and mutually promotive development to china 's productive forces and its production relations .
at the same time when we uphold economic construction as the central task , we must also make earnest efforts to step up the building of a socialist spiritual civilization ; and must bring about a comprehensive progress to both the material productive forces of our society and the ideology , ethics , and culture of our society .
the position of economic construction as a central task should remain unshaken at all times ; yet if we failed to do a good job in other social undertakings , the development of our economy will inevitably be affected and hindered in the end .
therefore , we must gain a profound understanding of the dialectical relations between an economic development and a social development .
comprehensiveness is a basic requirement of materialist dialectics , and it is extremely important for leading cadres to take an all - round view of things .
he urged the us congress to immediately stop interfering in china 's internal affairs .
on 9 march , the us senate passed a resolution on so - called " national day of tibet . "
he pointed out : tibet is part of china . tibet 's affairs are purely the internal affairs of china , in which no foreign countries have a right to interfere .
the spokesman pointed out : this move of the us senate disregards the facts and the basic norms of international relations . it is a gross interference in china 's internal affairs . the chinese government and people express strong resentment over and firm opposition to this .
the chinese side strongly demands that the us senate strictly honor its commitment and immediately stop all acts that seek to exploit the tibet issue to interfere in china 's internal affairs .
beijing , 14 mar (zts) - - chinese foreign ministry spokesman sun yuxi today emphatically said : china strongly demands that the us senate immediately stop all its acts of interfering in china 's internal affairs by taking advantage of the tibet issue .
he stressed that tibet is part of chinese territory and the tibet issue is purely an internal matter for china , which allows no foreign intervention .
he said : the us government has for a long time recognized that tibet is part of chinese territory and not supported the " independence of tibet , " which constitutes a binding international commitment .
china strongly demands that the us senate should honor the commitment and immediately stop all its acts of interfering in china 's internal affairs by taking advantage of the tibet issue .
facts show that a majority of the members of the human rights commission have shown their support for china 's position as mentioned above .
however , we must unremittingly pay attention to problems such as corruption , social order , unhealthy practices , pornography , gambling and drugs , about which the masses of cadres and the people have strong opinions .
he said , it is necessary to persevere in carrying out the mass activities to create and establish models of spiritual civilization with " stress on civility and new social practice " as the dragon head of these activities in order to achieve true results .
we should create a fine environment to attract tourists and bring about circulation of funds .
qian qichen said , yunnan should step up developing its rich tourist resources . it should , while maintaining and repairing some of its traditional tourist spots , pay attention to developing some new tourist centers to attract local and foreign tourists .
at the same time , it should further improve policies related to the development of tourism to promote a sustained , steady and healthy development of tourism .
she said , in the past two years the supreme people 's court and supreme people 's procuratorate have been making serious efforts to fulfill their duties .
nevertheless , she said , judging from what the people have to say and from the letters sent by them , there still are cases of judicial injustice and judicial corruption , and there are many problems which are very difficult to solve at the grassroots level .
we should make still more serious efforts to explore and to accumulate experiences so as to enable the system of people 's congresses to make still greater contributions to broadening socialist democracy and building ours into a country of socialist legal system .
at the turn of the century and the millennium , the chinese nation has arrived at a new historical starting point .
the grand blueprint of making china a modern and strong socialist country has motivated people throughout the country to work diligently . the great motherland 's bright future is prompting the billion of chinese people to exert themselves .
because the feudal production relationship constrained social productive forces and because of the mentality of " looking at the sky from the bottom of a well " which cut off the country from the outside world , china gradually became backward .
" modernization " has become a dream pursued by chinese people of several generations and countless numbers of people with lofty ideals .
since then , realizing the " four modernizations " has become a goal pursued by all of the nation .
reflecting on the past in the light of the present , the npc deputies and cppcc national committee members were filled with all sorts of feelings - - it is reform and opening up that has made the dream possible .
in 1995 , we again attained five years ahead of time the goal of quadrupling the country 's gnp , pushing the gnp to 5.76 trillion yuan .
since then , we have kept on striding toward the goal of quadrupling per capital gross product by the end of the century .
the deputies and committee members held that this actually was a new " three - step " development strategy .
according to this new development strategy , after china becomes a society at the end of this century in which the people live a relatively comfortable life , we will attain the modernization goals in three steps - - respectively by the year 2010 , 2020 , and 2050 .
by the standards normally used by developed countries to define a relatively comfortable life , the level of a relatively comfortable life in china is still relatively low . we still lag far behind in drinking water safety , educational level , culture and entertainment , the ecological environment , and other aspects .
in implementing the " three - step development strategy , " reform has always served as a driving force for materializing the goals .
establishment of a socialist market economic system is the key to ensuring achievement of the development goals .
committee member ai feng said the basic framework of a market economy has initially been built ; however , we still need to do quite a great deal of work to build a complete system .
this is because constraints on market demand , resources , and exports have all increased and the development speed will lower to some extent .
reform currently is in a critical stage ; therefore , we must pool our efforts to develop productive forces and to solve problems in the course of development .
a new round of structural adjustment is being carried out throughout the world ; new - and high - technology industry and newly emerging industry are developing robust ; intellectual economy has raged like a storm , and world economic competition has become increasingly intense .
to soberly perceive the difficulties , we should enhance our sense of urgency and sense of having a crisis , and muster our courage and strength to catch up with the world .
they said our generation not only should carry forward the dream long pursued by the countless of people with lofty ideals , but also have the opportunity to realize great national rejuvenation in our hands .
these ideals and pursuits are based on social needs of the times .
at the turn of this century , our ideal is to basically achieve modernization and to bring about the chinese nation 's great rejuvenation .
deputy wang tianxi said : the first line concerning the future work in the government work report is about development - - this fully reflects comrade deng xiaoping 's idea that " development is the last word . " this has great significance for achieving the third - step development strategic goals .
deputy zhao zhihao said only if the economy develops fast and well can we have a good future and enjoy high international status , and , if we are slow in development , we will be left behind and beaten .
the " western region fever " actually is a " development fever . " the western region hopes to take this advantage to rise rapidly , and the eastern region hopes to seize the opportunity to actively participate in the development , accelerate adjustment of their industrial structures , and seek a larger development room .
my understanding of the words is that the " sources " refer to the cpc 's leadership , the socialist road with chinese characteristics , and the guidance of deng xiaoping theory - - only with these can we become better off .
after we become better off , we should think of making new progress and developing toward a higher target , and this higher target is to achieve the third - step development strategic goals .
information brought by the deputies and committee members indicated that special economic zones in beijing , shanghai , tianjin , jiangsu , and guangdong , and the zhujiang delta , all have formulated ambitious development plan to strive to take the lead in materializing modernization in 2010 .
the " two sessions " are about to close , the bugle call is sounded , and the chinese people are striding toward the future with full confidence .
at a routine press conference held today , a reporter asked what impact it will have on cross - strait relations if candidates that smack of " taiwan independence " are elected under the current situation .
beijing all along has persisted in conducting dialogue and talks under the " one - china " principle to develop cross - strait relations .
beijing has upheld the principle of " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " and state president jiang zemin 's eight - point proposition on taiwan to fully develop cross - strait relations and promote the process of reunification .
the majority of the taiwan compatriots are against separation .
they have explicitly expressed their opposition to " taiwan independence . " seeking peace , stability , and development and maintaining the status quo of taiwan has been the mentality of the taiwan compatriots .
the stability and prosperity of taiwan in the future are related to the life and property of every taiwan resident . naturally , it is a matter of concern of the 23 million taiwan residents and also has become the " commanding height " that all the three candidates are trying to seize .
the current situation is that the three candidates are running neck and neck , and the proportion of undecided voters is still high .
the white paper issued by the motherland has further enhanced the importance of the " stability card " in the current elections .
in order to gain more votes by swindling , dpp candidate chen shui - bian tried his utmost to cleanse his " taiwan independence " image at the final stage of the elections . he made use of academic sinica president lee yuan - tseh to prettify himself .
on the one hand , chen shui - bian shouted the slogan , " long live taiwan independence , " and on the other hand , he claimed himself to be a " peace - lover . " it is believed that the majority of taiwan voters will not be fooled .
the two sides of the taiwan straits have already paid a huge price for the temporary state of separation .
the taiwan issue is related to the honor or disgrace and rise or fall of the chinese nation .
whoever is elected in the current elections , he must forsake lee teng - hui 's " two - state theory , " return to the " one - china " principled stance , and create necessary conditions for improving cross - strait relations .
he should clearly state his " one - china " position and must not be allowed to play a " vague card . "
if the new leader sticks to the " taiwan independence " position or intentionally drags on the cross - strait talks and dialogue , the motherland will adopt necessary measures .
the motherland will not sit idly by at the practices of people playing with fire on the question of " taiwan independence " and creating a split .
the chinese government and the people are determined and have the ability to resolve the question of taiwan and realize the great cause of reunification of the motherland at an early date .
the news has sent shock waves among many people and set off unease .
as is known to all , chen shui - pian is one of the notorious advocates for the " taiwan independence " of the taiwan 's democratic progressive party [ dpp ] . as early as at the legislative yuan election in 1985 he was seen raising hands to shout " long live taiwan independence . "
during the current election campaign , he shouted again " long live taiwan independence . "
it should be made very clear for all to see the consequences if he were to be thrust onto the summit of power in taiwan . taiwan is an inalienable part of china 's territory .
' taiwan independence ' can only mean a war and absolutely not peace between the two sides of the strait . "
the mainland made the " peaceful reunification , one country , two systems ' proposal " with the sole purpose of hoping for peace and hoping for a peaceful resolution to the cross - strait relations under the one - china principle .
the chinese leaders ' remarks and the chinese government 's twice publication of the white papers on the taiwan issue have all been based on such a spirit and wish .
many of those big shots who support li teng - hui and chen shui - pian , like li teng - hui , are also inflicted with the " japanophile complex . "
here i would like to mention in passing about mr li yuen - che .
he is a scholar with academic achievements to his credit and has always prided himself for upholding " academic neutrality " and for being above the fray .
the only way to avoid war is first to reject the " two - states theory " and second to reject " taiwan independence . "
never go consorting with foreign anti - chinese forces and inviting a pack of wolves among the sheep just because of some remaining problems since that will only lead to an avoidable war and fratricide .
to benefit from china 's entry into the wto , the united states must first grant it pntr .
separately , according to media reports , us commerce secretary william daley and house speaker dennis hastert separately spoke to business people in the united states on 13 march , calling on various sectors to support china pntr and urging congress to discuss and vote on president clinton 's proposed legislation as soon as possible .
as everyone knows , taiwan has two taiwan independence forces : one force is in power , being represented by lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] in general .
it is precisely the chinese government 's refusal to renounce the use of force that has made him to shrink back and refrain from transgressing the bounds .
in the form of a non - ruling party , those people openly clamor for " a hundred million years of taiwan independence " and " long live taiwan independence " which even lee teng - hui does not dare to say although he would like to .
this shows that not renouncing the use of force is precisely an important prerequisite for achieving peaceful reunification .
the western countries have never wanted to give any explanation regarding this question .
china is after all no longer the country at the beginning of the 20 th century , and the chinese people will never allow the repeat of historical tragedies .
the fact is only by " never tolerating , never appeasing , and never sitting by and doing nothing toward any scheme to split china " can suppress the arrogance of taiwan independence , guarantee peace in the taiwan strait , and protect state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
can those people who call on china to renounce the use of force tell us who can , and by what means , guarantee and protect china 's reunification ?
blaming the chinese government 's not renouncing the use of force as the cause of tension in the taiwan strait is inverting cause and effect .
besides , the united states provided large quantities of advanced weapons to taiwan in violation of the three sino - us joint communiques , and the us congress also vainly attempted to adopt the " taiwan security enhancement act. " those activities have further enhanced the arrogance of taiwan independence forces .
he also described the draft as the most difficult of all bills submitted by the clinton government to congress this year .
at the same time , he warned congress that " if congress passes the motion on granting china pntr the united states will benefit , and if congress does not pass the bill , the ones who will benefit will be our competitors . "
break the normal procedure in submitting the draft the white house originally planned to submit this legislative draft to congress after china and the european union reached an agreement .
this means if the european union gets even better treatments in its negotiation with china , the united states will also enjoy these treatments .
it was reported that the white house changed the usual practice on submitting legislative drafts to congress , submitting the draft to the senate first and then to the house of representatives for vote .
should the senate pass the bill , it would surely give a push to the house .
according to a survey , 52 out of 100 senators expressed that they would vote for the draft . this is precisely the number of votes needed to have the bill passed in the senate .
the voice of opposition faction is very loud since last november when china and the united states signed the agreement , the voice of the opposition faction in the united states has become increasingly loud .
democratic presidential candidate gore also indicated at a closed - door meeting with labor unions that if he were elected president , he would add environmental protection criteria , labor rights , and human rights to the sino - us trade agreement .
he has delivered speeches frequently at many public places , hoping to drum up support for the bill with forces from various circles .
clinton used to say that china 's " accession to the wto " would provide an opportunity for generations of americans , and that " if we fail to grasp this opportunity , this generation as a whole will regret it . "
clinton has also invited about 60 congressmen , who either hold an opposition stand or who have remained undecided , to the white house to have a face - to - face discussion with them in an effort to try to convince even more of them to support the agreement .
this has only attracted more attention to china 's wto accession .
good news kept pouring in during this period .
on 7 march , china signed an agreement with colombia on china 's wto accession .
on 8 march , president clinton asked the united states congress to grant china permanent normal trade relations status . it is hopeful the bill will pass before june .
on 10 march , china and thailand signed an agreement .
the survey showed 96 percent of the public hoped the sessions would discuss china 's wto accession .
ninety - five percent of those polled believed that entry to the wto would benefit china 's economic development ; 89 percent believed that wto would bring competitive pressure to some sectors and enterprises .
the wto concerns everybody .
people expect some problems , but for 14 years , china has pursued in - depth reform and opening up , and in terms of ideology , system , and measures , much has been done to prepare the country to become a part of the wto .
some people call this no less important an event than the creation of the sezs by the deng xiaoping - led second generation leading group . the whole nation has come together , and unity means strength .
beijing , march 14 - - (i) this is a meeting of democracy , truth seeking , unity and valiant advance .
the holding of the third session of the ninth npc in a special year is thus given special meaning .
with a sense of responsibility to history , deputies have been discussing state affairs and formulating state policies , summing up experience and planning for the future , drawing collective wisdom , and making joint efforts to achieve fruitful results for the session since its opening on march 5 .
(ii) practice , knowledge , again practice , and again knowledge . constantly making explorations , constantly surpassing existing achievements and constantly winning victories .
these are the common thoughts of deputies from the whole country .
as the deputies pointed out , general secretary jiang zemin 's idea of being the " representative in three ways " can arouse such strong response in the party and among the people of the whole country because it is very target - specific .
in order to make a success of every task in china , the key lies in the party and in the people .
with the advent of the new century , the deputies are inspired by the aim of wholeheartedly serving the people , which the chinese communists have emphasized that they will always uphold . they have strengthened their confidence in the party leading the whole nation in the quest for national rejuvenation .
" we should think about the source in achieving prosperity . "
these valuable experiences which embody the painstaking efforts of the whole party and the whole nation will become china 's guide in its march toward the new century and in its efforts to create a bright future .
(iv) the " legislation law ( draft ) " was tabled before the deputies at the third session of the ninth npc .
if no prompt counter measures are taken in rural areas , he continued , the consequence would be grave . he stressed the need to take it as " the most important of the important tasks " in rural areas today to meet the challenge in connection with china 's entry into the wto .
based on his practical experience , yao hui feels that the most urgent and crucial task at present is to restructure our agriculture and rural economy .
as he told this reporter , the effort to restructure the crop mix in tieling has produced initial results . the ratio between grain and cash crops was adjusted to 75:25 last year and is expected to reach 65:35 this year . an economy with regional characteristics is developing rapidly .
in contrast with the decline in farmers ' income in most other localities , the average per - capita income of farmers in tieling increased by 100 yuan to 2,700 yuan last year , higher than the average figure for the entire province .
after hong kong and macao were returned to the motherland one after the other , the sacred mission of resolving the taiwan issue and achieving the complete unification of the motherland is more prominently placed before the people of all ethnic groups , including the taiwan compatriots , across the country .
what will fujian province , which is linked up with taiwan only by a strip of water , strive to accomplish in promoting the exchange and cooperation between fujian and taiwan and in contributing to the great cause of the unification of the motherland ?
with this question in mind , this reporter has interviewed the fujian delegation of the national people 's congress (npc) .
by the end of last year , a grand total of 5,894 taiwan - funded projects were approved in the entire province , with the contract amount reaching $ 10.989 billion , and the actual paid - up funds amounting to $ 8 billion .
we should seize the opportunities and make further efforts to increase economic , trade , scientific , technological , and cultural exchanges and cooperation between fujian and taiwan .
he has a sense of urgency , yet is full of confidence .
in recent years , apart from doing a good job of the urban environmental construction and the service work for the taiwan compatriots , we have particularly promoted cooperation with taiwan in the areas of economy , trade , science , and technology .
weng fulin said : " the excellent development momentum that emerged in fuzhou over the past few years has made the taiwan compatriots exclaim with admiration . they said that fuzhou is indeed undergoing changes every year , and that it will certainly catch up with taiwan in just a couple of years .
the key to achieving the great cause of unifying the motherland lies in development , so we must work hard to accelerate development , narrow the gap , and make our own contributions to accomplishing the great cause of the unification of the motherland at an early date . "
the session fully endorsed the efforts made in government work in the past year for enhancing the quality of growth of china 's national economy , promoting state enterprise reform , rejuvenating the country through science and education , and for all - round development of social undertakings .
the session sincerely hoped that the building of the government itself will be stepped up , that the government will be administered with strictness , and that an honest , hardworking , pragmatic , and highly efficient government will be built .
this was a democratic , truth - seeking , united , and enthusiasm - rousing session .
during his inspection of work in guangdong , comrade jiang zemin made an important speech on stepping up party building in the new period .
this is an important guiding idea on strengthening party building , and is also an important guiding idea for doing a good job in people 's congress work and all other work .
the year 2000 is the last year of this century .
we firmly believe that the victorious convening of the third session of the ninth npc is bound to effectively promote china 's reforms , opening up , and modernization .
the session is of the opinion that review of last year 's work of the government in the report is practical and realistic , and the overall targets and specific plans on this years ' work of the government proposed in the report are positive and feasible .
doing well this year 's work of the government will have great significance .
we should insist on implementing the policy of increasing domestic demand , strive to increase effective demand , continue to implement a positive financial policy , and further give play to the monetary policy .
we should keep on pushing forward reform of the economic system centering on reform of state - owned enterprises and reform in other fields , and take effective measures to attain the target of reforming state - owned enterprises and enabling them to free themselves from difficulties within three years .
we should open wider to the outside world , endeavor to open up international market , and actively and efficiently make use of foreign fund .
we should implement the party 's educational policy in an all - round manner , step up quality education , develop students ' creativity and practice ability , and bring about students ' moral , intellectual , physical , and aesthetic development .
we should ensure ecological and environmental protection and building .
we should place great importance on and properly deal with internal contradictions among the masses in the new situation ; we should further improve the people 's livelihood ; we should work harder to overcome difficulties in helping the poor .
we should actively and properly promote managing the agriculture as an industry , do whatever we can to increase peasants ' incomes , strictly implement relevant policies on lightening peasants ' burden , and actively promote reform of rural taxation and fees collection practice , in order to lighten peasants ' burden at the bottom .
we should uphold and refine the system of ensuring basic living needs for laid - off staff members and workers of state - owned enterprises , of unemployment insurance , and of ensuring minimum living expenses for urban residents , and should truly build up the social security system .
we should further transform government function and press ahead with government structural reform .
we should promote working diligently and oppose extravagance and waste .
we should build a clean , pragmatic , and highly efficient government which performs government work diligently .
the session pointed out : we should adhere to a independent foreign policy of peace , oppose hegemonism , safeguard world peace , and resolutely defend national sovereignty and territorial integrity .
on the basis of the five principles of peaceful coexistence , we should further develop friendly relations of cooperation with all countries .
beijing , 15 mar ( xinhua ) - - after completing all items on its agenda , the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] was concluded this afternoon .
a total of 2,778 deputies attended the closing meeting of the npc session .
during the 11 days of the npc session , the attending deputies conscientiously deliberated on the government work report . at the same time , the third session of the ninth national committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] also discussed the same report .
according to the opinions and proposals expressed by the npc deputies and cppcc national committee members in their discussions , the state council revised the report .
at this afternoon 's closing meeting , the congress first voted and adopted a resolution on ratifying the government work report .
the law includes 94 articles in six chapters on general principles , laws , administrative regulations , local regulations , autonomy regulations , stand - alone regulations , decrees , applicability and recording , and appendixes . it will come into force as of 1 july 2000 .
through voting , the congress also adopted a resolution on the npc standing committee 's work report , a resolution on the supreme people 's court work report , and a resolution on the supreme people 's procuratorate work report .
the congress also adopted a decision on endorsing the npc standing committee 's accepting of the resignation of ho hau wah from the npc standing committee .
at 1545 , after the military band played the national anthem , li peng announced the conclusion of the third session of the ninth npc .
responsible people of various central party , government , military departments , mass organizations , democratic parties , the national federation of industrialists and businessmen , and representatives of people without party affiliation also attended the closing meeting as observers .
foreign diplomatic envoys to china also attended the meeting as observers .
the meeting held that in 1999 , the supreme people 's procuratorate vigorously implemented the spirit of the second session of the ninth npc and its requirements on procuratorial work , conscientiously carried out its procuratorial function , intensified judicial reform , and achieved new progress in all fields of endeavor .
the meeting calls on the supreme people 's procuratorate to pay persistent attention to the development of its ranks , make further efforts to improve the political and professional quality of public prosecutors , and resolutely eliminate corruption in the judicial ranks .
thanks to every deputy 's spirit of being highly responsible to the country and the people , every reports , resolutions and laws adopted at the session fully reflects the party 's right propositions , the country 's overall interests , and represents the fundamental will of the people .
this year is the year at the turn of the century and is also the last year of realizing ninth five - year plan and accomplishing our country 's strategic goals for the second step of the socialist modernization drive .
after returning to your respective work unit , every deputy should actively publicize and take the initiative to carry out every resolution passed at the session and unite the masses to perform well this year 's work .
let us more firmly unite around the cpc central committee with comrade jiang zemin at its core , hold high the great banner of deng xiaoping theory , forge ahead along the socialist road with chinese characteristics , and hail the arrival of the new century with new mental outlook and excellent work achievements .
premier zhu rongji submitted to the presidium of the session an explanation of the amendment of the government work report .
in the second part : under the discussion of the results of the proactive fiscal policy , the sentence " many cities saw conspicuous changes in their appearance " was changed to " many cities saw considerable changes in their appearance . "
added to the discussion of the key areas of investment for proceeds from this year 's long - term treasury bonds were the specific expressions of " water conservancy , transportation , communication , and other infrastructure projects . "
added to the paragraph on conscientiously strengthening scientific management in enterprises was the following content : " they should fully rely on the masses of workers and staff members and bring their initiative into full play . " 5 .
the phrase " attract students studying overseas and outstanding qualified personnel living outside our territory [ jing wai 1064 1120 ] to return and work in the country " was changed to " attract students studying overseas and outstanding qualified personnel living abroad [ guo wai 0948 1120 ] to return and work in the country . "
the following content was added to the part on " opening up even wider to the outside world : " " the mix of import commodities should be optimized and the import of key equipment , technology , and major raw materials that are urgently needed in the country be increased .
the npc session agreed with the proposals included in the examination report of the npc financial and economic commission for the fulfillment of the central and local budgets in 2000 .
the session required that the state council and local people 's governments at all levels strictly exercise budgetary management , examine and carry out budgets on time , conscientiously organize budgetary revenue , and required that all departments and units strictly carry out the approved budgets .
to promote economic development and maintain social stability , it is necessary to continue to pursue a positive financial policy this year .
all funds should be properly managed and used . the preparatory work , in - process supervision , and post - construction auditing for all state investment projects should be improved , thus enhancing the efficiency in using financial resources .
it is necessary to straighten out the financial and economic order , strengthen supervision over budgetary execution and the management of extra - budgetary funds , examine and stop all kinds of irregular and unauthorized charges , fines , and levies .
the transparency and binding force of budgets should be enhanced . local people 's congresses at all levels and their standing committees should carry out more effective supervision over the execution of budgets .
let us more closely rally around the party central leadership with comrade jiang zemin at the core , hold high the great banner of deng xiaoping theory , keep firm confidence , work hard with one heart and one mind , and comprehensively fulfill the budgetary tasks in 2000 .
in the process of implementing the plan , it is essential to devote vigorous efforts to the implementation of policies and measures .
it should speed up the reform and development of state enterprises , step up management , enhance enterprises ' competitiveness , and increase economic efficiency .
it should actively adjust agricultural and rural economic structures , speed up scientific and technological progress in agriculture , push forward the process of agricultural industrialization , and actively develop the deep - processing of agricultural products .
it should continue to implement and perfect policies designed to promote foreign trade , develop the fields that use foreign capital , improve the investment environment , strive for new growth in foreign trade and in the use of foreign capital .
it should conduct overall planning , do solid work , implement the strategy for the extensive development of the western region , speed up the development of the central and western regions , and strive to make substantial progress this year .
it should attach great importance to the issues of labor employment and social security , strive to increase employment opportunities , and enhance social security capacity .
it should act in strict accordance with the law , conscientiously implement the npc decision on intensifying the supervision of economic work .
the report summed up the work for the past year in a down - to - earth manner and made feasible arrangements for the main tasks for the coming year .
the session demanded that the npc standing committee continue to implement fully and in depth the spirit of the 15 th cpc congress and the third and fourth plenary sessions of the 15 th cpc central committee , and to further push ahead with the building of a socialist democratic legal system .
the npc standing committee should also give full play to npc deputies , forge close ties with local people 's congresses , and subject itself to the supervision of the npc and the people .
it should actively push ahead with propaganda for the democratic legal system and with popularizing law education and strive to increase the legal knowledge and law awareness of the whole nation .
under the cpc central committee leadership with comrade jiang zemin as the core , let us hold high the great banner of deng xiaoping theory , advance in a pioneering spirit , do solid work , and strive to complete various tasks set by the session .
the report summed up the work of the supreme people 's court in 1999 in a spirit of seeking truth from facts . the major tasks of the supreme people 's court for 2000 as put forward in the report are practical .
the meeting urged that the supreme people 's court should unswervingly carry out the construction of the contingent of judicial personnel , further improve the political and professional quality of judges , and resolutely eliminate corruption existing in the contingent of judicial personnel .
beijing , 15 mar (zts) - - during an interview today , several high - ranking military officers of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] said that they would pay close attention to taiwan 's election and believed that the people in taiwan would make a correct choice .
if someone tries to seek " taiwan independence " after coming to power , that means war .
at the closing ceremony of the national people 's congress [ npc ] today , pla deputies became the focus of the media again .
if someone tries to seek " taiwan independence " after he comes to power , the pla as well as the chinese people will surely not allow it .
lieutenant general wang zuxun said : the white paper to taiwan issued by the chinese government has clearly said that china would use force against taiwan under the condition of " three ifs . " the pla has the confidence , ability and determination to fulfill the great cause of the reunification of the motherland .
the naval force would listen to the order of the central military commission and is preparing for war at any time .
rear admiral fu bohai said : the settlement of the taiwan question cannot be indefinitely delayed . there should be a time schedule .
judging from the geographical condition and the strength of china 's current naval , ground and air forces as well as the second artillery corps , in case a campaign really occurs on the taiwan strait , china may win .
professor chen jiaquan , researcher of the institute of taiwan studies of the chinese academy of social sciences , said : if chen shuibian comes to the peak of power or continues to uphold his " taiwan independence " party program and line , war will be unavoidable .
during his participation in the election of taiwan leaders this time , he also shouted " long live taiwan independence . " it is a very serious matter if such a person comes to the peak of power .
xu bodong , director of the research institute of taiwan studies of beijing union university , said : the mainland believed that chen shui - bian is the most dangerous and deceptive candidate . he pursued goal of establishing " taiwan republic " and never admitted that he is a chinese .
xin qi , researcher of china peace and development research center , pointed out : chen shui - bian 's recent policies are aimed at confusing the taiwan people .
in face of the development of taiwan election , xin qi hoped that during this critical moment of cross - strait relations , the people in taiwan would think sensibly while selecting their future leader and would link the election with their immediate interests .
he said : " if chen shui - bian assumes office , there will be no peace on both sides of the strait , and the people in taiwan will face the disastrous consequences .
this is absolutely not just an exaggeration to frighten people .
the taiwan people will cast votes on 18 march . this is not only a question of electing whom to be the leader , but actually , it is a question of choosing peace or war .
li jiaquan stressed : the chinese people in taiwan region has the right to elect the leader they want . we hope that the people in taiwan can correctly exercise their rights and avoid the appearance of any dangerous situation that might lead to " taiwan independence . "
gore stated that " if china enters the world trade organization (wto) and develops normal trade relations with the other member countries , while we stay aloof so there is no way to develop normal trade relations with china , in the future our ability to take advantage of the capabilities of the wto will be limited . "
he noted that china 's accession to the wto would result in an improvement in its [ china 's ] labor situation and further advances in its efforts to protect the environment .
according to the 15 march edition of the " wall street journal , " gore directed the above statement at individuals in some labor and environmental protection groups who are opposed to giving china permanent normal trade relation status .
at the same time , the other day [ thomas ] donohue , president and ceo of the u.s. chamber of commerce , published an article in " commerce business daily " entitled " unite to support trade with china . "
the article maintained that the various concerns that u.s. labor , environmental , and human rights organizations have voiced over china 's accession to the wto are baseless .
the present situation in the taiwan strait is at a stage of crucial importance .
the result of taiwan 's election on 18 march will determine war or peace across the taiwan strait in a certain sense .
the taiwan people are now facing a historic choice of peace or war .
people believe in the taiwan people 's political wisdom and believe that taiwan compatriots will made a wise historic decision .
he warned taiwan compatriots to heighten vigilance while casting their votes and absolutely not act impulsively .
zhu rongji stated : whoever endorses the one - china principle will get our support . we will hold talks with him on any issue . we can make concessions . we are making concessions to chinese .
this fully shows beijing 's sincerity in treasuring the interests of the chinese nation and pushing cross - strait dialogue and negotiations .
the history of china 's civilization development is centered on national unity .
of all matters in the world , reunification is the most important . the idea of achieving a happy reunion in the end after long separation has long been part of the chinese nation .
achieving a complete reunification of the motherland has become a more urgent wish and demand of the entire chinese people . moreover , having waited and worked for a solution to the issue over the last 50 years , the chinese government and people will not allow the taiwan issue to be dragged on indefinitely .
the motherland hopes for peaceful reunification and is fully aware that taiwan compatriots desire peace .
however , we must clearly point out : " taiwan independence " means war .
the settlement of the taiwan issue at an early date is conducive not only to china 's modernization but also to its national security .
the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] and the third session of the ninth chinese people 's political consultative conference [ cppcc ] closed on 11 march and yesterday , respectively .
of the series of important agendas of the " two sessions , " premier zhu rongji 's strategic and realistic government report won high appraisal from the npc deputies and cppcc members as well as hong kong and overseas media .
premier zhu rongji stressed in his government work report : " we will not sit idly by and watch any serious separatist activities that undermine china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , promote the ' two - state theory , ' or taiwan independence .
he further pointed out : " the chinese people are determined and absolutely able to settle the taiwan question at an early date and realize the great cause of reunification of the motherland . "
these remarks , which represented the firm will and determination of the people of the whole country , evoked a thunderous applause .
premier zhu pinpointed and penetratingly exposed the political tricks played by the taiwan separatist forces represented by lee teng - hui in manipulating the elections in an attempt to let the " taiwan independence " forces assume power .
however , " taiwan independence " runs counter to the desire , will , and interests of the chinese nation , including taiwan compatriots .
premier zhu 's remarks voiced the concern of the taiwan compatriots .
yesterday , taiwan 's stock market index continued to slide downward , which fully indicated taiwan compatriots ' worries over " taiwan independence " forces assuming power .
premier zhu earnestly advised : " taiwan people are now facing an urgent historic moment . they have to decide what path to follow . they absolutely should not act impulsively . otherwise , it will be too late for regrets . "
if " taiwan independence " forces are allowed to assume power , " taiwan independence " forces are likely to lead taiwan to war .
even yan chuo - yun , director of the taiwan federation of women , pointed out in a televised speech : " if chen shui - bian assumes power , it will mean leading our next generation to war and the battlefield .
in order not to let our children go to the battlefield , we mothers should not cast our vote for chen shui - bian . "
taiwan compatriots , you must be on your guard !
whoever is elected absolutely will not be allowed to engage in " taiwan independence . " we will not allow any form of taiwan independence . premier zhu said that this is our bottom line , which also represents the will of the 1.25 billion chinese people .
humiliated by foreign powers , china was weak and poor in contemporary times . china 's territory was annexed and its people were bullied .
for the sake of reunification of the motherland , territorial integrity , national dignity , and revitalization of the chinese nation , numerous figures with high ideals advanced wave upon wave and shed their blood in the battlefields .
now that the chinese people have arisen , how can we allow taiwan , which has been part of china 's territory since ancient times , to secede from the motherland ?
however , in the current restructuring period , because the functions of the governmental institutions have not been completely changed and the quality of rural grass - roots cadres and peasants has yet to be enhanced , some contradictions among the people have appeared in rural areas and must be resolved carefully .
although such contradictions exist among people who share the same fundamental interests in all aspects , we must still pay serious attention to their settlement .
over a long period , the strength of rural collective economies was built up substantively in some areas , especially in the suburban areas of some large cities . such a favorable condition should be brought into full play .
at the same time , it is also necessary to further arouse and give play to the initiative and enthusiasm of individual peasant households in making investment and tapping production potential .
as household operation remains comparatively weak at present , great support should be given to household operation in economic development .
at present , individual peasants or collective economies are still short of resources and strength for accomplishing many things in most areas , so local governments should give them necessary assistance .
strengthen grassroots democratic system in rural areas [ subhead ] further boost the sense of democracy among grass - roots cadres .
whether grass - roots cadres have a strong sense of democracy has a great bearing on the democratic atmosphere and the condition of the democratic system in a village .
democracy should be guaranteed by a system .
second , the system for democratic decision making . all major affairs in a village should be decided by villagers through democratic discussions , and should not be decided by a small number of people .
villagers ' self - government should be exercised according to relevant laws , regulations , and policies . villagers should be able to manage their own affairs . fourth , the system of democratic supervision .
through the establishment and improvement of various democracy systems , democratic life in rural areas should be gradually standardized .
enhancing basic quality of rural grassroots cadres , masses [ subhead ] give theoretical , policy , and legal training to grass - roots cadres in rural areas .
through such training , enhance their ideological consciousness and policy implementation skills , and enable them to work conscientiously for the implementation of party policies and instructions from upper authorities , properly handle various types of contradictions , do a good job in various aspects , and turn themselves into competent public servants and leaders for villagers .
help them increase scientific and general knowledge and increase the ability to lead villagers to get rich .
improve propaganda and education for peasants .
some peasants attributed problems caused by the backward means of production and the weak ability to adapt themselves to the market to local governments or collective economies . they do not know that only those who can adapt themselves to the market can survive .
some peasants raised unreasonable demands on the policies and measures set forth by the party and the government , and judge what is good and what is bad according to their personal interests .
so they were not satisfied with things in certain aspects . on the other hand , some peasants became extremely egotistic and adopted money fetishism . they improperly stressed their self - interest and did not care about state interests and collective interests .
therefore , enhancing peasants ' moral integrity will be a long - term task and also an urgent task .
first , conduct ideological education for peasants , prompt them to love the state and their collectives , correctly understand and handle relations between state , collective , and individual interests , and be clearly aware of their responsibilities and duties .
third , give publicity to major affairs . the masses should be informed of all major affairs so that they can understand and support our measures and policies . mass participation should be mobilized .
fourth , help peasants study and master advanced techniques and enhance their competitive power on the market .
this is the basic requirement for leading cadres at all levels , and is also a thinking method they must always maintain .
do down - to - earth work for the benefit of the people .
a pressing task of the moment is to provide effective services for peasants to develop production . local governments should take care of things that individual peasant households find it difficult to accomplish on their own , or the economic efficiency may not be good for them .
government departments should organize and mobilize social forces to provide services for peasants in every stage of their production . at present , it is particularly necessary to provide information service and marketing service .
while having the necessary social conditions for developing production , the peasants will fully display their abilities .
if production is developed , peasants will become richer . this will not only improve their living conditions , but will also make more contributions to the state and society .
help the population living in poverty shake off poverty as soon as possible .
the local governments should focus their assistance on improving the production conditions and help peasants in poverty - stricken areas blaze a new trail for getting rich .
concrete livelihood assistance should be given to households which cannot be freed from the poor conditions so soon , and they should be helped in leading a comparatively stable life .
the work in this field is an important channel for the masses to express their feelings and voice their wishes and requirements . to a certain degree , this is also a barometer for measuring the state of contradictions among the people .
it is necessary to take the work of handling letters and visits from the masses as a major means of resolving contradictions among the people , and do a solid good job in this aspect .
first , the system for leading cadres to receive visitors from the masses should be established .
principal leaders in a county or a township should arrange a fixed schedule to personally meet with the masses who come to express their opinions .
most complaints lodged by the masses in their letters and personal visits are not unreasonable or trouble - making . the party organizations and the local governments should represent their interests and help them solve problems .
the taiwan issue became a hot topic for the npc deputies and cppcc national committee members right from the start of the " two sessions " this year .
the deputies and committee members condemned the " taiwan independence " forces which pay no attention to the fundamental interests of the state and nation , while feelings were aroused among the deputies from the pla , which has always regarded preserving state sovereignty and territorial integrity as its own mission .
when this reporter visited on 7 march the place where the pla deputies were staying , i profoundly felt the sense of mission and responsibility of this army in upholding the motherland 's unity and defending state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the third is for the secessionist forces to stubbornly cling to the path of ' taiwan independence . '
however , what i want to tell the taiwan authorities is that the latter two are dead - ends and there is no way through .
" we do not undertake not to use force , but this is absolutely not aimed at the taiwan compatriots . "
one could say that li xianyu 's words truly represent the voice of the officers and men of the whole army .
when visiting the pla delegation , this reporter was moved by their lofty spirit of dedication , " use me in the first battle , use me throughout all the fighting , you must win if you use me . "
this shows that the officers and men of the navy are brave and stubborn and unafraid of sacrifice ; it is a force that is particularly proficient in combat .
" on arriving at the assembly area , we did not requisition civilian housing but pitched camp on the spot ; the camping ground of one regiment was a paddy field that had just been harvested .
the party and people should not worry , therefore , we will certainly not sit and ignore ' taiwan independence ' and secessionist forces .
we are closely watching the moves of the taiwan authorities , and all the officers and men stand firmly at their posts in combat readiness to obey the call of the motherland at any time .
with the all - round strength of the country built up over many years as our backing , we are certain to win ! "
" hong kong and macao have reverted , but the mainland and taiwan have not been reunified , so china has not achieved its great reunion .
we hope that the taiwan authorities will regard the interests of the country and the nation as the most important thing , and the pla will absolutely not allow them to go against the tide of history if they are really bent on doing so .
it is essential to establish among all the citizens the national defense concept that " it is dangerous to forget about war " [ subhead ] the chinese people have always loved peace ; as far as the taiwan issue is concerned , our government has repeatedly devoted the greatest sincerity and effort to resolving it peacefully .
deputy zheng jinlei , representing people of his own age , appealed to young people to take practical action to be concerned for the future and destiny of the motherland and make still greater efforts to achieve the reunification of the motherland .
he said , this is an acute problem that we are now facing .
we understand that quite a number of taiwan compatriots are still apprehensive about cross - strait reunification , and we also hold that reunification needs time .
however , state president jiang zemin and premier zhu rongji have clearly pointed out that if the consequence of " taiwan independence " emerges , and if the prospects for peaceful reunification are undermined and become impossible to attain , the chinese people will defend national sovereignty and territorial integrity with their blood and lives .
tang shubei said , we uphold the one china principle and the guideline and policy of " peaceful reunification , one country , two systems , " and will exert maximum efforts to bring about the peaceful reunification of the motherland .
there has been no change on this point , and this is stated very clearly in the white paper " the one china principle and the taiwan issue . "
in the past 10 and more years , cross - strait economic and trade exchanges have been expanding all the time , and the compatriots of both sides have seen a lot of each other , which has benefited both sides .
this current favorable situation for the compatriots of the two sides is now , however , being seriously harmed .
we extend our warm congratulations for the complete success of the congress and conference .
representatives and commission members present at the " two sessions " who are from the military spoke their minds freely , gave plans and brought up many good suggestions for the construction , reform and development of the state and military .
all rank and file of the people 's armed forces must associate this speech with the principles of the " two sessions , " transmit the speech , study it , conscientiously comprehend its principles and resolutely implement it .
establishing an advanced marxist political party is the basic assurance for us to implement our transcentury historical mission .
cultivating the working styles of focusing on reality , telling the truth and seeking real results is an important condition ensuring the fulfillment of our transcentury historical mission .
doing solid work will make the country prosperous and hollow talk will harm the country .
if one raises his working style to the height of the quality of the party , one can see that his working style embodies a high spiritual status in the great cause of building socialism with chinese characteristics .
she also stated that entry into the world trade organization [ wto ] is both an opportunity and a challenge for china 's high - tech development , and the ministry of science and technology will continue to create a still better environment for the development of high - tech industries .
also present and answering journalists ' questions were xu guanhua , vice minister of the ministry of science and technology ; shaanxi provincial governor cheng andong ; chen liangyu , shanghai vice mayor in charge of routine affairs ; meng xuenong , beijing vice mayor in charge of routine affairs ; and shenzhen city mayor li zibin .
zhu lilan first reviewed economic developments in the country 's high - tech industrial development zones .
she said , in 1999 these 53 zones made an income of $ 656 billion from technology industry and trade ; their total output value was $ 566 billion ; these figures were respectively up by 35.7 percent and 30.6 percent over 1998 .
profit was 35.6 billion yuan , and foreign exchange earning from exports broke through the $ 10 billion barrier , reaching $ 10.6 billion .
she said that this shows that quite a number of high - tech enterprises have achieved rapid growth through taking advantage of the good environment provided by the high - tech zones .
answering a journalist 's question on the situation facing high - tech development in china after wto entry , zhu lilan pointed out that wto entry is both an opportunity and a great challenge for china 's high - tech development .
the wto will bring a still more open environment for the development of high technology ; while promoting technical innovation amid more international cooperation , it will also spur innovation in the structure of high - tech development .
journalists from 94 chinese and foreign media units were present .
beijing , 16 mar ( xinhua ) - - the state press and publications administration has just issued a circular stipulating that no newspaper or periodical shall download and reprint unverified news and information from the internet at random .
it also urged newspapers and periodicals to put social benefits in the most important position in downloading and reprinting items , and not to download and reprint vulgar , pornographic , violent , feudalistic , ignorant , and other contents harmful to the minds and bodies of teenagers .
the state press and publications administration urged news administrative and management departments in various localities to earnestly strengthen supervision and management and solemnly deal with newspapers and periodicals that have violated regulations .
currently , a financial legal system , including the financial laws , financial administrative regulations and financial administrative rules , has been preliminarily set up in our country . the system has played an important role in effectively formulating and implementing the monetary policy and strengthening financial supervision and management .
the central bank must have a corresponding management system for every type of financial institutions and a corresponding management procedure for every category of financial businesses .
the person in charge emphasized : in addition to strengthening legislation , it is necessary to promote in an all - round way administration in accordance with law .
once found , any unlawful practices of the financial institutions have to be handled immediately and earnestly with no tolerance allowed .
han zhubin , vice chairman of the central committee for comprehensive management of social security and procurator general of the supreme people 's procuratorate , attended and addressed the forum .
the white paper on " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " has once again expounded the consistent policy and stand of the chinese government on the settlement of the taiwan issue .
premier zhu rongji 's remarks on the taiwan issue at the press conference have reflected the common will of the 1.25 billion chinese people .
ding shisun , chairman of the central committee of the china democratic league , noted : the one - china principle is an irrefutable fact , not something that we are forcing onto taiwan .
it is exactly out of the need to bring about a peaceful reunification of the motherland that we refuse to renounce the right to use force ; therefore , what we are against is not the taiwan compatriots , but the interference of foreign forces and the splittist forces in taiwan .
xu lujia , chairman of the china association for promoting democracy , expressed the belief that today , taiwan has reached the crossroads of choosing peaceful reunification or choosing splittism and war , and the taiwan people need to make a wise decision as what course to follow .
luo haocai , chairman of the central committee of the china zhi gong dang , pointed out : the gist of premier zhu rongji 's remarks is consistent with the chinese government 's long - term policy towards taiwan .
the three " if 's " stated in the white paper on " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " have proved a major guarantee for a peaceful reunification across the strait ; were it not for the three " if 's , " taiwan might have been separated long ago .
if things like that really happened , they would bring about disastrous consequences .
therefore , the taiwan people should remain sober and sensible , and use their own power to stop " taiwan independence " elements from assuming power .
wu jieping , chairman of the central committee of the jiusan society , believed that premier zhu rongji 's remarks are another important declaration on the taiwan issue .
however , the chinese people have had firm determination to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the constant growth in the national strength of our country has also endowed us with the ability to safeguard china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the fate of taiwan is in the own hands of the taiwan people and is determined by the will of the people , not in the hands of a handful of politicians . the taiwan compatriots should let their voices be heard .
wang guangying , honorary chairman of the all - china federation of industry and commerce , said : we are never vague on the stand of upholding the one - china principle .
we hope that the industrial and commercial circles on both sides of the strait can exert common efforts and make contributions to promoting the economic and trade exchange and cooperation across the strait , and to completing the grand cause of the reunification of the motherland .
the meeting held by the general staff headquarters attended by leading cadres at the department and bureau levels was presided over by fu quanyou , member of the central military commission and chief of the general staff . guo boxiong , member of the central military commission and executive deputy chief of general staff , attended the meeting .
party committees and leaders at all levels should properly arrange the work of relaying and implementing the spirit of the npc session with a strong sense of political responsibility in accordance with the unified arrangements of the central military commission .
xu caihou , member of the central military commission and executive deputy director of the general political department , also attended the meeting .
yu yongbo pointed out : the npc session was an important meeting of far - reaching significance at the turn of the century , and the meeting has attracted extensive attention in the world .
the general political department organs should do a good job in relaying , studying , and implementing the spirit of the npc session .
beijing , 16 mar ( xinhua ) - - the general political department of the people 's liberation army [ pla ] issued a circular today urging the entire army and the people 's armed police force to conscientiously relay and study the spirit of the third session of the ninth national people 's congress [ npc ] .
the circular states : the third session of the ninth npc was an important meeting held at the turn of the century .
in his important speech delivered at the plenary meeting of the pla delegation , chairman jiang zemin expounded , from the perspective of the strategic task of attaining the grand objective of modernization , the important historical mission of our army in the new period and set new demands on promoting army building and reform across the board .
the session discussed and approved the government work report and other reports , decided on the principles and tasks for the state 's economic construction and social development for this year , and endorsed the " prc law on legislation . "
party building should be further strengthened with the focus on making the party " always the three representatives . "
it is imperative to firmly embrace the idea of war preparedness , carry out extensive and in - depth military training with science and technology , step up preparedness for military struggles , and be always ready for performing the sacred mission of safeguarding the reunification of the motherland .
on 9 march , the us senate passed the so - called " tibet day " resolution proclaiming 10 march 2000 as " tibetan national day. "
certain us politicians with ulterior motives have made every effort to push the passage of the " tibet day " resolution . this in essence was an advocacy of " tibetan independence " in order to serve the purpose of splitting china , undermining china 's political stability , and containing china .
never in the world is there a country recognizing tibet as an " independent state . "
the so - called " tibet issue " is in fact a smokescreen made by the dalai lama clique for its vain attempt to split the motherland and seek tibet " independence . "
in us congressional resolutions , anti - china politicians have wantonly distorted historical facts about tibet and maliciously attacked and smeared the chinese government .
in fact , it is perfectly obvious that the chinese government has made tremendous efforts to develop tibet .
before the peaceful liberation of tibet , 95 percent of the tibetan people had been made slaves for generations . now they are the masters of the country . the average projected life expectancy of tibetan people has been extended from 36 years in 1949 to 65 years at present .
some in the united states do see all these achievements but refuse to recognize them .
the us government has long recognized tibet as part of china and has pledged not to support " tibet independence . " now the us senate has set a so - called " tibetan national day. " did it not contradict itself ?
tibet issues are purely china 's internal affairs , in which no foreign country has the authority to interfere . what did the senate base its irresponsible remark on !
is there any legal basis for it ?
if another country sets a certain day as " independence day " for a certain state in the united states , how will us senators feel ?
some in the united states have repeatedly vowed to " safeguard human rights in tibet . " now they are willfully and illegally meddling in china 's internal affairs . is this not a violation of the human rights of all the chinese people , including the tibetan people ?
as a matter of fact , paying attention to the basic human rights of ethnic minorities in the united states is a serious issue the us senate should handle .
evidently , it is precisely the united states itself which should give a historical explanation of the destruction of native american culture and which should review its ethnic minority policy !
he added : the two sides can sit down and talk only under the condition that " taiwan independence " will not emerge .
tang shubei said this at a news conference here .
he directed this remarks to the person who used to be a guest of the chinese consulate general in san francisco in the 1980 s .
they have always discussed which is the best to taiwan , " reunification , " " independence , " or maintaining the status quo .
" reunification " or " independence " is not the ultimate purpose of taiwan . the ultimate purpose is the welfare of its own .
can we consider the russia - chechen problem and the british - northern ireland problem ? although they were unified , they are still bothered by these problems . is this beneficial or harmful to them ?
i think mainland china can think over these problems .
i think this opinion had been clearly indicated in premier zhu rongji 's speech yesterday and in general secretary jiang zemin 's speech a few days ago at the meeting of the all - china federation of taiwan compatriots .
our premier has clearly stressed that if " taiwan independence " occurs , the chinese people will defend the territorial and sovereign integrity of the motherland with their blood and lives .
however , if there comes the " taiwan independence , " we cannot talk about peaceful reunification .
therefore , the two sides cannot sit down and talk until it ensures that there will be no " taiwan independence . "
we can find a solution to both sides under the one - china principle .
the mainland official authorities have repeatedly stressed that the one - china principle is a precondition and foundation for the development of cross - strait relations .
this is precisely the problem we care about at the moment .
during these 10 years , i have personally seen the increased economic and trade contacts between the two sides and the close contacts between the compatriots on both sides .
however , if the proposal that " the two sides of the taiwan strait are two nations , and taiwan is not a part of china " becomes a policy and an action , i will worry very much that the relations extremely favorable to the compatriots on the two sides formed during this period may be seriously damaged .
then , we cannot imagine whether taiwan can get a favorable trade balance of $ 15 billion from the mainland china every year , nor can we imagine that the compatriots on the two sides can marry each other , can attend each other 's schools , and can visit each other .
nevertheless , we would like to hear the opinions of the taiwan side and find a solution that can be further supported by taiwan people , that can give even better consideration to the interests of taiwan people and the compatriots on all circles , and that can be accepted by both sides .
however , should there be the case of " taiwan independence , " everything will become a withered flower of yesterday .
reporter of the taiwan - based broadcasting corporation of china : can taiwan 's new leader visit mainland china on or after " 20 may , " no matter who is elected , so long as he returns to the consensus of " one china respectively interpreted by each side " reached in 1992 ?
can the two sides conduct political talks then ?
can chairman wang pay a return visit to taiwan ?
tang shubei : i think the election platform of taiwan leaders are varied .
i think no one should help a person who sticks to the " two states theory " and the idea of the two sides on the taiwan strait are " two nations , " under such a circumstance , although he was my friend in the 1980 s .
prior to taiwan 's presidential election on 18 march , some people are playing with their powers in hand , causing unexpected changes in the election situation . some people are trying to create confusion to push " taiwan independence " elements into the arena .
this is a practical question .
under the propagation of " taiwan independence , " " taiwan being not a part of china , " and " the two sides of the strait being two chinese states , " there will be no talks about peaceful reunification .
beijing 's efforts to conduct dialogue between arats and sef and enter into political negotiations in the future are based on the precondition of " one china . " everything can be discussed between chinese on both sides of the strait , concessions can be made , and all kinds of plans can be worked out .
from the 1950 s to the early 1990 s , both sides of the strait recognized that " there is only one china and taiwan is a part of china . " this is a consensus between both sides of the strait .
clear - cut measures include a blockade and the use of force . some people have close relations with lee teng - hui . they hold high posts under lee teng - hui 's power structure . why is it that they have suddenly become election campaign aides for " taiwan independence " elements ?
why is it that they are playing dirty tricks to defame james sung by creating a scandal , and then throw mud on the kmt ?
lee teng - hui said that he supported lien chan , but only in abstract and perfunctory terms .
taiwan is at a crossroads .
wang yung - ching 's three - point proposal on peace , stability , and prosperity for all should represent the genuine interests of taiwan compatriots .
some " taiwan independence " elements have blind faith in foreign missiles , aircraft , and bombs , thinking that foreign arms sales to taiwan will boost their courage .
while reprinting news , the newspapers " must firmly follow the political guidance for the media and not carry reports that run counter to the principles and policies of the party and state . "
the newspaper had to openly express its " apology . " there are also some smart newspapers , which reprint readable stuff that are not related to politics or sensitive issues , such as chinese - made aircraft carrier , advanced aircraft , and anecdotes of celebrities to attract readers .
as the authorities cannot do anything even though they do not like it , the only thing they can do is to issue a document to reiterate " publicity discipline . "
the area of cultivated land that makes use of improved varieties of crops and advanced , applicable technology has been constantly expanding .
marked progress was made in readjusting the internal structure of industries . development of electronic information and other high - tech industries was accelerated .
in 1999 the composite economic performance index for industrial enterprises was 99.3 , an increase of 8.4 percentage points .
the added value of tertiary industry grew by 7.5 percent .
development of the tourism , information , and consulting service industries was quickened . [ providing the unit of area in " mu " in sentence 7 , and adding the word " internal " in sentence 9 ] the investment pattern continued to improve and there was better quality in construction projects .
total fixed asset investment for 1999 reached 2.9876 trillion yuan , an increase of 5.2 percent over the previous year .
implementation of a proactive fiscal policy , issuance of additional treasury bonds , and expansion of investment played an important role in promoting economic development .
more than 60 percent of the capital from treasury bonds issue was invested in the central and western regions .
the responsibility system for project quality at all levels was introduced throughout the country .
we effectively promoted fairly rapid growth [ jiao kuai zeng zhang 6525 1816 1073 7022 ] of revenue by strengthening tax collection and management , putting more effort into resolving tax arrears and severely cracking down on smuggling .
national revenue for 1999 ( excluding revenue generated through debt ) totaled 1.1377 trillion yuan , an increase of 15.2 percent over the previous year .
expenditures exceeded revenue by 175.9 billion yuan , with a deficit of 179.7 billion yuan for the central budget and a surplus of 3.8 billion yuan in local budgets .
m2, m1 and m0 were up by 14.7 percent , 17.7 percent , and 20.1 percent respectively at the end of 1999 compared with the figures for the end of 1998 .
we deepened financial reform and tightened financial supervision and management , which played an important role in preventing and reducing financial risks .
efforts to merge some enterprises , declare some enterprises bankrupt , and reorganize some industries were intensified .
a large number of new large enterprise groups were formed in the defense - related , nonferrous metals , and telecommunications industries .
losses of state - owned enterprises and of enterprises with controlling share held by the state decreased by 15.9 percent over the previous year .
the textile , building materials , nonferrous metals , and railway industries took their operations out of the red and into the black .
over 4.9 million workers laid off from state - owned enterprises found new jobs ; 93 percent of those who did not find new jobs registered with re - employment service centers , 97 percent of whom received basic cost of living allowances .
we basically ensured that all retired people of enterprises received their pensions on time and in full .
reform of the system of medical insurance for urban workers continued . [ providing stcs for " clear progress in sentence 1 ] price relationships were further rationalized .
we adjusted prices for railway freight transport , medical services , and postal and telecommunications services , and raised public housing rents and charges and fees for higher education , urban water supply , and environmental protection .
we decreased electricity fees for high power - consuming enterprises and lowered electricity rates in rural areas .
we also rectified import and export charges for external trade by appropriately lowering some fees that were too high , thereby reducing the burden on export enterprises . [ adding the words external trade in ultimate sentence ] continued progress was registered in the reform of the grain and cotton distribution system .
reform of the cotton distribution system proceeded smoothly . [ changing very poor performance to losses in penultimate sentence and providing stcs ] imports and exports grew fairly rapidly and there was continued improvement in the utilization of foreign funds .
we stuck to a strategy of success through quality and diversification of market outlets , working energetically to expand exports by granting more export credits , raising comprehensive tax refunds for exports , and giving more authority to producing enterprises to independently engage in export .
for the year the total volume of china 's imports and exports reached $ 360.7 billion , an increase of 11.3 percent over the previous year .
as a result of this reform , 80 percent of the 242 scientific research institutes affiliated to 10 state administrations were restructured and incorporated into enterprises .
our support for research topics in basic research , industry - specific technology , major technology , and high technology was strengthened .
the launch of the national key basic research development project and the technological innovation fund for small and medium - sized science and technology enterprises went smoothly .
in 1999 , colleges and universities enrolled 1.6 million students , an increase of 47.4 percent over the previous year .
we vigorously supported the improvement of conditions for operating schools offering elementary education in economically depressed areas .
some 80 percent of the country 's populated areas have now made a nine - year compulsory education basically universal and eliminated illiteracy among young and middle - aged residents .
efforts to develop new disciplines in colleges and universities were strengthened .
the natural population growth rate was 8.77 per mill .
the project to extend radio and television coverage to every village went into full swing , enabling about 40 million rural residents to enjoy radio and television broadcasts in their homes for the first time .
retail sales of consumer goods for the country totaled 3.1135 trillion yuan in 1999 , an increase of 6.8 percent over the previous year , or an increase of 10.1 percent in real terms after allowing for price decreases .
on july 1 1999 , the incomes of lower - income urban residents and government employees were raised .
the registered unemployment rate was 3.1 percent in cities and towns .
fresh progress was registered in anti - poverty work and about 8 million more poverty - stricken people now have adequate food and clothing .
all these great achievements of 1999 created a sound environment for celebrating the 50 th anniversary of the founding of new china and welcoming the return of macao to our motherland . they also strengthened confidence both at home and abroad in the development of china 's economy .
the pace of increase in fixed asset investment has slowed .
second , unemployment pressure has grown .
fewer people are now employed in township and town enterprises .
there is a great deal of surplus labor in rural areas that needs to be absorbed elsewhere .
third , the growth of rural incomes has slowed .
success in economic work for this year will have a major impact on our effort to attain all of the strategic targets for the second stage of our modernization drive and to move on to reach the targets for the third stage .
we should further stabilize the position of agriculture as the foundation of the economy , making diligent efforts to restructure agriculture and the rural economy and using every possible means to increase the peasants ' incomes .
taking the reform of state - owned enterprises as the key link , we should energetically make up deficits and increase surpluses and promote the establishment of a modern enterprise system .
we should correctly handle the relations between reform , development , and stability to ensure sustained , rapid , and healthy development of the national economy and promote all - around social progress so that we can greet the new century with outstanding achievements .
projects will be well selected and funds properly used . supervision , auditing , and project quality control will be tightened to prevent shoddy workmanship on projects . [ inserting the word and providing stcs in sentence 1 , and providing stcs in sentence 3 ] 2 .
construction of the projects to reinforce dikes on chang jiang , huang he [ yellow river ] , and other big rivers will be accelerated . rivers and lakes will be dredged and desilted and new towns built for the displaced people . major dilapidated reservoirs will be reinforced .
the application of key technology for the integrated use of agricultural resources , intensive farming , forecast and control of biological disasters , and production of highly processed agricultural products will be vigorously expanded . projects to improve seeds and the varieties and breeds of livestock , poultry , and aquatic products will be earnestly carried out .
township and town enterprises should be advised to integrate production with industrialized operation of agriculture to promote the processing of agricultural products and the conversion of such products into other products to increase their added value .
we will mobilize the whole society to join in the anti - poverty program .
beijing , 16 mar ( wen wei po ) - - today , several famous taiwan issue experts in beijing issued warnings here , saying that if a candidate maintaining taiwan independence took office in the current election of the new leader among taiwan authorities , the consequences would be explosive .
in that case , the timetable for solving the taiwan issue would become short , or even very short . the situation across the straits may change within 24 hours .
the taiwan issue experts also indicated that as a matter of fact , it is impossible for the mainland to come into contact with somebody who shouted " long live taiwan independence . "
first , that will be a challenge to the interests of the entire chinese people . in addition , it will be a challenge to the security of the asia - pacific region and to world peace .
professor li jiaquan said : as to whether there should be a timetable , the white paper " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " has already given an explicit answer .
there should be a timetable for solving the taiwan issue . " the taiwan issue cannot be left unsolved indefinitely . " this in essence refers to the timetable . the white paper refers to a " timetable without mentioning the timetable . "
in view of taiwan 's development in the past decade , we saw that there was first " one country , two governments , " then came the arguments of " separate establishment and separate government , " " independent political entity , " then came the " two - state theory . "
professor xu bodong took over the topic and further pointed out : the timetable for solving the taiwan issue is not only held in the hands of the mainland side , but also in the hands of the taiwan authorities .
if one who can return to the one - china principle is elected the new leader , the line of " peaceful reunification " may be followed and the time may be longer .
as long as the one - china principle is observed , there is a realistic likelihood for cross - strait exchanges and even high - level exchanges between the two sides of the straits .
huang jiashu , professor of the chinese people 's university , said : we certainly hope that a new leader who can return to the one - china principle will appear .
of course , it is possible that a figure who continues to maintain the " two - state theory " or even a figure who is inclined to " taiwan independence " more obviously than the " two - state theory " may appear .
if that is the case , that will just worsen the tension in cross - strait relations .
at this moment , taiwan compatriots should be able to use their brains not their feelings to determine the direction of their votes .
of course , the masses in taiwan have a desire for " holding up their heads . " such feelings were caused by a special history .
if some people try to play certain political tricks to direct taiwan people 's wishes to a kind of extreme populism or to the extreme target of " taiwan independence , " i think such popular will does not represent the real wishes of the taiwan people .
moreover , we also found that current opinion polls in taiwan and various political opinions actually showed the diversity of public opinion in taiwan , and that the mainstream of public opinion remained on the point of seeking a stable , developing , reform - oriented , and relaxed cross - strait relationship .
this option itself goes against the interests of the chinese people on both sides of the straits .
once a state of war appears across the straits , the so - called reforms against " dark gold politics " and the so - called improvement of governmental institutions and even taiwan 's future political development will all become nothing .
when facing such a major event , the chinese government certainly needs to express its firm attitude .
that is , we must make it crystal clear that no matter who is going to take power and pursue " taiwan independence , " and no matter in what form he is going to pursue " taiwan independence , " he will not be tolerated .
the position and attitude of the chinese government on this issue is consistent and firm .
this is not merely an attitude expression for influencing the election .
the taiwan issue is china 's internal affair , but from the very beginning , this issue has been closely related to the role played by the united states .
however , the separatist force on taiwan island should also be soberly aware that the us ' support for taiwan is all based on us interests .
jiang zemin said princess sirindhorn is an old friend familiar to the chinese people . she has visited china many times , as though she visits relatives .
jiang zemin happily recalled his state visit to thailand upon invitation in september last year .
he said the china - thailand relations date back to ancient times and the traditional friendship between the people of the two countries is just like that between relatives .
in particular , since the establishment of diplomatic relations , the frequent exchanges of visits and contacts between the leaders of the two countries and the frequent exchanges between people of various circles have built up good trust and friendship .
at present , both sides are making joint efforts to develop all - direction , good - neighborly , friendly , and cooperative relations in the new century .
sirindhorn said she loves china 's culture and has been studying chinese for a long time . she hoped she can understand china better and make greater contribution to promoting thailand - china friendship .
the officers and men of the pla and the armed police force , following the example of lei feng and li xiangqun , are actively carrying forward socialist new ethics and practices .
since last year , the young officers and men of the pla and the armed police force have paid " special communist youth league dues " exceeding 8 million yuan in support of the " action to protect the mother river . "
currently , the chinese navy is speeding up the efforts of enhancing its modern combat capacity . all of the major warfare vessels of the equipment series of the navy are china - made and equipped with missiles .
deputy director zhu xinmin of the people 's daily newspaper [ renmin ribao ] and others were also present at the meeting .
rees - mogg is visiting china as the guest of the people 's daily newspaper .
this was a practice which chairman mao and comrade deng xiaoping had stressed consistently and is a basic experience derived by our party from the long practice of leading the people in carrying out revolution , construction , and reform .
this extremely important guiding ideology not only has great immediate significance in strengthening and improving the party 's leadership but also will surely have a more extensive and far - reaching historic impact .
the " three represents " are interrelated and form a dialectical and unified integral whole . they have reflected in a clear - cut manner our party 's nature , mission , and purpose and fully embodied the essential demand of the party - led great cause of building socialism with chinese characteristics .
it has enriched the treasure - house of marxism - leninism - mao zedong thought and deng xiaoping theory and will add a glorious chapter in the annals of our party 's party building theory and practice .
( " selected works of mao zedong " edition 2 , volume iii , p 1079 ) . in china , the working class is the representative of the advanced productive forces and also a main force for liberating and developing the productive forces .
during the new - democratic revolution , our party led the people in fighting bloody battles and thus seized state power with a view to putting an end to the old production relations that fettered the productive forces and liberating the productive forces .
after new china was founded , our party led the people in carrying out socialist revolution and construction so as to liberate and develop the productive forces , constantly enhance the state 's economic strength , meet the people 's material and cultural needs , and strive for the realization of the people 's fundamental interests .
a certain culture is the conceptual reflection of the economy and politics of a certain society .
advanced productive forces determine and influence advanced culture while advanced culture which is scientific and progressive represents the orientation of future development and propels the advance of society , thus serving the development of the social productive forces .
the party does not have its own special interests outside the interests of the working class and the broad masses of the people .
the final criterion for the success of our reform and construction and the soundness of our work done is whether or not the people support , endorse , and accept it with pleasure .
therefore , the " three represents " are the concentrated embodiment of the advanced and revolutionary nature of our party and the essential demand of socialism and constitute the foundation for founding the party , the source of the party 's strength , and the base for its life .
in the face of complex and acute international competition and in the historical condition of carrying out the drive of reform and opening up and developing a socialist market economy , we must seize opportunities , meet challenges , and realize the great rejuvenation of the chinese nation . what counts here is our party .
to achieve the " three represents " with better results , we must always adhere to taking economic construction as the center and concentrate forces on developing the productive forces .
if the productive forces are not developed and our country comprehensive is weak , we will find it difficult to maintain stability and home and will have no right to speak in the international community .
our country has increasingly grown and its international standing has increasingly expanded since the drive of reform and opening up was carried . one basic experience is so doing is to remove obstacles and concentrate forces on accelerating the development of the productive forces , which is also the key to solving the numerous problems now facing us .
we must adopt practical and effective measures , always maintain a relatively rapid growth rate while improving economic efficiency , and continuously enhance the state 's economic strength .
experiences , both positive and negative , tell us : we should not strive to achieve temporary economic development at the expense of spiritual civilization at any time .
adherence to marxism - leninism - mao zedong thought and deng xiaoping theory as the guide is the base for founding the party and the state and also for developing socialist ideology and culture and it determines the nature and orientation of our country 's ideological and cultural development .
we must strive to inherit and develop all outstanding cultural traditions of the chinese nation , learn and absorb all outstanding foreign cultural achievements , and apply them to the great practice of reform , opening up , and socialist modernization .
to achieve the " three represents " with better results , we must always adhere to the party 's purpose of serving the people wholeheartedly and effectively realize , develop , and safeguard their interests .
we must pay close attention to these phenomena and adopt practical and effective measures to correct them resolutely .
we must implement the party 's mass line in all fields of work ; give first place to the interests of the party and the people while conducting reforms , thinking over problems , making decisions , and handling affairs ; and do everything for the people and rely on them in so doing .
we must correctly use the powers in our hands ; take the lead in observing discipline and abiding the law ; perform official duties honestly for the people , and wage a resolute struggle against the negative and corrupt phenomena , such as abuse of government power for personal , extravagance and waste as well .
all acts of divorcing from the masses , violating their will , and endangering their interests are not allowed .
beijing , 17 mar ( xinhua ) - - on 11 march , an extraordinarily serious accidental explosion occurred in a private firecracker workshop in shangli county of pingxiang city in jiangxi province , leaving 33 people dead .
over the past 50 - odd years since the prc was founded , we have formulated some rules and regulations for safe production in various trades and professions . however , some trades and professions and some localities have failed to implement them to the letter .
those factories or workshops had turned a blind eye to the state decrees concerned , had had many hidden dangers of accidents , and had carried out operations in violation of rules and regulations to an alarming extent .
strictly managing the issuance of business licenses is the first major link in safety management .
strengthening supervision over the enterprises ' safe production is an important guarantee for preventing serious accidents .
safety is always unified with production and efficiency .
at present , as our country is in a crucial period of economic development , the enterprise operators must set great store by safe production so as to create a favorable and stable environment for reform and development .
all of us should take warning from the " 11 march accident . "
the decision is of great significance to expand domestic demand and bring about sustained growth of national economy , to promote coordinated economic development in all regions and eventually achieve a common prosperity , and to strengthen ethnic unity , maintain social stability and fortify border defense .
for the implementation of the strategy for large - scale development of the western region , the necessary conditions are now available and the time is ripe .
the available conditions are as follows : after more than 20 years of reform , construction and exploration , the eastern region has achieved a comparatively rapid development and accumulated a certain amount of capital , talents , technology and managerial expertise .
on the one hand , the eastern region , while continuing to develop and strengthen itself , is willing and able to support the development of the western region . on the other hand , the abundant natural resources and great market potential of the western region have become important conditions for the eastern region to continue its development .
to carry out the large - scale development of the western region is a magnificent plan to transform the objective world . we must integrate our subjective desire with objective reality and also integrate the state 's macroscopic regulation and control , including the guidance role of state policies , with the practice of acting according to economic law .
in carrying out the large - scale development of the western region , we should take an active attitude , seize the opportunity , and make bold explorations . we must not be overanxious for quick results , nor be roused to precipitate action or start new projects blindly .
the large - scale development of the western region involves the building of both material civilization and spiritual civilization .
the cmc has ordered the institution of air control over the southeastern coast , and some units are immediately entering combat - readiness status to deal with a possible situation .
it was also within beijing 's expectations that the united states would make react strongly to the white paper on taiwan and zhu 's speech .
the top level in beijing believes that peaceful reunification must be guaranteed by powerful military force and correct strategic design , otherwise , the initiative in cross - strait relations will be lost .
without a trial of strength , taiwan society will not truly understand beijing 's resolve regarding territorial integrity and pursuit of reunification , nor will it understand the price to be paid for secession , and that china can hardly maintain its international reputation .
however , all of these proposals are short of a major precondition ; that is , the one - china principle .
chen shui - bian even more recklessly clamored that it is the duty and mission of taiwan 's future leader to safeguard taiwan 's sovereignty and prevent taiwan from becoming another hong kong or macao .
he attempts to maintain taiwan 's " sovereignty " for ever and does not want to make taiwan a part of china .
premier zhu rongji already issued an unprecedented warning against " taiwan independence . " at the same time , he also set forth the demand on holding political talks between the two sides of the straits under the one - china principle .
the mainland side of the motherland is willing to listen to the opinions of various parties , strata , and social circles in taiwan .
this position gives full expression to the mainland side 's sincerity and utmost tolerance and patience . it is hoped that the taiwan authorities will not miss another good opportunity and will really do something positive to improve cross - strait relations .
the " taiwan independence " forces and the separatist forces , and the foreign anti - china forces hope that the taiwan issue will remain unsettled indefinitely .
national reunification is the ardent hope of the people , and the trend of the times . china will never allow taiwan to be separated from china .
chen shui - bian , candidate for the democratic progressive party , took first in the voting .
there were five candidates in total participating in this election in the taiwan region .
tang jiaxuan said with the cordial concern of the leaders of the two countries , the traditional prc - dprk friendship has further developed .
the good development of the relations between the two countries has not only brought important interests to the people of the two countries , but also made a positive contribution to safeguarding peace , stability and security in the korean peninsula and the region .
tang jiaxuan emphasized that the stand of china 's party and government of attaching importance to the development of the traditional friendship between the two countries is consistent and firm .
in the future , china will , as always , make unremitting efforts to this end .
paek nam - sun said with the profound concern of the leaders of both sides , the dprk - prc friendship continues to develop very well .
both sides unanimously held that general secretary kim chong - il 's recent visit to the chinese embassy in dprk has fully expressed the great friendship between the people of the dprk and the prc .
the foreign ministers of the two countries also exchanged views on the situation in the korean peninsula and the region .
both sides held that china and the dprk have important consensus on many issues , and both sides should , in the future , strengthen communication , contacts and cooperation on relevant issues , and make joint efforts to safeguard peace and stability in the korean peninsula , northeast asia , and the world as a whole .
tang jiaxuan reaffirmed china 's consistent stand of supporting the two sides of korea in their efforts to improve relations and realize independent peaceful reunification .
the foreign ministers of the two countries also briefed each other on the domestic situation and the diplomatic work of the respective countries .
after the talks , tang jiaxuan feted paek nam - sun and his party .
paek nam - sun arrived in beijing by plane today on his official visit to china at the invitation of foreign minister tang .
peaceful reunification is predicated on the one - china principle .
we will judge taiwan 's new leader by his deeds , not just [ original version omits " just " ] by his words [ ting qi yan guan qi xing 8126 0366 6056 6034 0366 5887 ] .
we are willing to exchange views with all political parties , organizations , and public figures in taiwan that endorse the one - china principle on cross - strait relations and peaceful reunification .
tehran , 18 mar ( xinhua ) - - us state secretary albright announced on 17 march that the united states would allow imports of blankets , caviar , melons and fruits , and other foodstuff from iran .
iranian foreign ministry spokesman assefi immediately expressed welcome to this , saying that this step of the united states was " positive " and that iran would also adopt corresponding measures to allow imports of farm produce and medicines from the united states .
while announcing lifting of some sanctions on iran , albright also said that the united states would provide convenience for more iranian scholars , artists , specialists , sportsmen , and nongovernment organizations to visit the united states so as to enhance mutual understanding and trust .
she said that the united states were prepared to make efforts to settle the pending legal issues with iran , including the issue on the iranian assets frozen in the united states .
albright said that the purpose for the clinton administration to adopt these measures was to tear down together with iran the " wall of distrust " between the two countries as described by president khatami .
in january 1998 , khatami openly called on the people of the two countries to conduct cultural exchanges in order to tear down the " high wall of distrust " between the two countries .
however , protracted confrontation between the two countries has led to a lack of necessary trust between the two sides , and no breakthroughs have been made in the relations between the two countries .
on 18 february this year , iran 's reformists beat the powerful conservatives with an absolute majority and won a majority of seats in the parliament .
the us government expressed welcome to this election .
the announcement of the united states to lift some sanctions on iran will no doubt help further improve the us - iran relations , but only a small part of the sanctions are lifted .
this shows that necessary trust between the united states and iran is still lacking and that it will still take a fairly long process for the united states and iran to truly achieve reconciliation and normalization of relations .
this shows that lee teng - hui 's all - out efforts in attacking james soong caused the kmt 's split and final failure .
both chen shui - bian and lu hsiu - lien are " taiwan independence " elements advocating " taiwan independence " in the past and during the current presidential election . naturally , they have aroused the motherland 's vigilance and met with criticism from the island and overseas .
will taiwan 's political situation and society remain stable after taiwan new leaders assume office ?
what kind of impact will chen shui - bian 's " taiwan independence " flavor have on cross - strait relations and cross - strait economic , trade , and cultural exchanges that have grown over the last 20 years ?
taiwan 's political and social unrest inevitably restricts its economic development and the improvement of its people 's lives and also affects the development of cross - strait relations .
we should fully appraise the complexity of taiwan 's situation in the future .
lee teng - hui is the chief representative of taiwan splittist forces .
the perpetrators will be punished by history . taiwan 's current election is of a regional nature . the outcome of the election will absolutely not change the fact that taiwan is a part of china , still less can it become a pretext to split or carve out chinese territory .
the position of the chinese government and people is quite clear and firm on this issue .
the chinese people highly value state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
to defend state sovereignty and territorial integrity , the chinese people will resolutely crush all " taiwan independence " attempts and acts at the expense of their flesh and blood .
whoever underestimates the chinese people 's determination and power to defend their sovereignty and territorial integrity will commit an irremediable big mistake .
the precondition for peaceful reunification is " one china . "
chen shui - bian 's cross - strait policy trend after he assumes office will be judged by his words and deeds .
beijing has made it clear that it is willing to exchange views on cross - strait relations and peaceful reunification with all political parties , mass organizations , and people in taiwan who favor the " one - china " principle .
we hope to see a positive response from the taiwan side .
the cpc central committee central office for taiwan affairs and the state council taiwan affairs office on 18 march issued a statement on the election of a new taiwan regional leader . they pointed out : there is only one china in the world and taiwan is an inalienable part of china .
the election of a new taiwan regional leader and its results cannot change the fact that taiwan is a part of china .
when lien chan [ lian zhan ] and james soong [ song chuyu ] fought , democratic progressive party [ dpp ] candidate chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] won as a result .
the victory of chen shui - bian , who advocates " taiwan independence , " will further complicate taiwan 's political situations and cross - strait ties .
during a period of nearly 12 years since lee teng - hui became president , he has intentionally engaged in splittist activities , and vainly attempted to create " two china 's " or " one china , one taiwan " so as to permanently secede taiwan from china .
in 1999 , he openly publicized the " two - state theory " and pushed both sides of the strait to the brink of war .
during this election , we can distinctly notice : by seemingly supporting lien chan , lee teng - hui was surreptitiously helping chen shui - bian .
lee teng - hui has not only supported chen shui - bian while discarding lien chan , but also discarded the kuomintang .
however , the prerequisite for improving cross - strait ties is to uphold " one china . "
does he intend to discard his " taiwan independence " stance ? even " taiwan independence " advocators cannot reject the deduction that " taiwan independence " will probably spark a war .
the mother mainland also repeatedly warned that " taiwan independence " means war .
taiwan people have also clearly understood the 1.2 billion chinese people 's stance in resolutely opposing " taiwan independence " and secession .
the results of polls of taiwan people showed : less than 10 percent of taiwan people supported " taiwan independence , " 13 percent of taiwan people supported reunification , and 60 percent of taiwan people advocated maintaining the status quo .
at present , cross - strait ties are at a crucial juncture . to accommodate the taiwan people 's wishes for stability and their expectations for improved cross - strait ties and sustained peace in the taiwan strait , taiwan 's new leader should return to the " one - china " principled stance .
to become unrestrained and boundless , taiwan 's new leader should also make some concessions .
the mother mainland authorities are willing to exchange views on cross - strait ties and peaceful reunification with all those parties , groups , and figures from taiwan who endorse the one - china principle .
thanks to all these policies , china has been able to outshine others and maintain a fairly fast economic growth at a time when all its neighboring countries are suffering from a declining economy .
facts have showed clearly that all these are fundamental measures for making the market prosper ; resolving the problems of employment , reemployment , and the transfer of redundant labor forces ; and promoting social security .
particularly , china has speeded up the reform of the scientific and technological structure ; and made great headway in developing risk investment funds , encouraging the growth of medium and small high - tech enterprises , and in exploring the secondary market .
sixth , in the aspect of the overall regional development strategy , china has already started to implement the strategy of a large - scale development in its western region , with a view to bringing about a balanced development between its eastern and western regions .
seventh , as regards structural reforms , china has made considerable breakthroughs , in both theory and practice , in all its structural reforms , including the readjustment of its ownership structure as well as the structural reforms of social security , housing , and education .
ninth , as concerns the level of socialization , at the same time when china strives to build up a socialist market economy , it has also taken steps to promote the socialization of enterprise capital , the socialization of investment risk , and the socialization of employment .
tokyo , 19 mar (zxs) - - chen jian , chinese ambassador to japan , reiterated in tokyo today that china objects to lee teng - hui 's [ li deng - hui ] visit to japan under whatever name and in whatever capacity after resigning from his post .
chen jian made these remarks when attending a " sunday discussion " on invitation - - a live program carried by a privately run japanese station , asahi television station .
chen jian pointed out that the core of the " one country , two systems " formula proposed by mr. deng xiaoping is " one china . " under the " one china " principle , we are willing to discuss everything , nor will we exclude anyone .
chen jian also expressed the chinese side 's stand on the cross - strait situation and sino - japanese relations .
news from tokyo : chinese ambassador to japan chen jian said today [ 19 march ] : after winning the election , chen shui - bian [ ch ' en shui - pien ] should make a decision on his own attitude within the framework put forward by premier zhu rongji that nobody should practice taiwan independence .
chen jian held that the superior limit of the framework is that the chinese government would support all those who advocate " one china " and would hold talks with all those who advocate " one china . "
zhu rongji also pointed out the bottom line - - that is , nobody should be allowed to practice taiwan independence , and taiwan independence in any form will not be allowed .
now that chen shui - bian has won the election , he should make a decision on his own attitude within the framework put forward by premier zhu rongji .
chen jian also noted that in the current election in the taiwan region , the votes received by the three main candidates were quite close . it was very hard to predict who could win the election beforehand .
the election charts can explain two points : the first point is that the difference between chen shui - bian and james soong [ sung ch ' u - yu ] was only 2 percent . the second point is that chen shui - bian received less than 40 percent of the total votes .
therefore , while we see that chen shui - bian won the election with a relatively greater number of votes , we should also take note of the above - mentioned two points .
chen jian emphatically pointed out in the program that taiwan has historically been a part of chinese territory .
the chinese people first discovered the taiwan island and settled down on the island .
ambassador chen jian reiterated that there is only one china in the world and that taiwan is an inalienable part of the chinese territory . " one china " will be the prerequisite for the peaceful reunification .
therefore , we should enable the masses to understand the principle , program , and policy concerning development ; consolidate to the maximum the thinking , spirit , and strength of people of all nationalities ; and enable them to demonstrate greater enthusiasm , initiative , and creativity .
government structural reform and reform of housing in urban areas , medical insurance , health and medical care , also should be carried out step by step .
to reduce and eliminate factors of instability , we must correctly distinguish contradictions of two different natures and deal with them using various means and in various approaches .
it is hoped that the new taiwan leader will earnestly listen to the " statement " of the central authorities , conscientiously think about the attitude and sincerity of the central authorities , and show response with actual deeds .
npc standing committee member zeng xianzi pointed out : if the new taiwan leader thrusts taiwan toward independence , there will be lots of trouble on both sides of the strait .
it is still too early to identify the cross - strait policy after chen shu - bian 's election victory . we must see chen shui - bian 's political program and judge him by his deeds , not just by his words .
npc deputy zeng decheng pointed out that the consistent stand of the united states is to give no support to taiwan independence , and in the several sino - us joint communiques , the us side has recognized that there is only one china and that taiwan is a part of the chinese territory .
he said : the successful implementation of the " one country , two systems " policy in hong kong is a very good example for taiwan , playing a special role in cross - strait relations . maintaining hong kong 's prosperity and stability may contribute to the accomplishment of the great cause of the reunification of the motherland .
npc deputy ma li said : after coming to power . chen shui - bian must handle the political pressure he faces from all sides and must deal with destabilizing factors .
the cross - strait question will become unclear because of chen shui - bian 's election victory . though he once said he would quit the democratic progress party and stand ready to talk about the reunification question if elected , we have to see how he behaves in this respect and watch him for a short time .
national cppcc member lu wenduan stressed : what the taiwan people are most concerned about is cross - strait relations . to properly deal with the cross - strait relations , chen shui - bian must abandon his line of " taiwan independence . " otherwise , taiwan will have no future .
national cppcc member zhou an dayuan stressed : in taiwan , no matter who comes to power , he must uphold the " one - china " principle .
it is hoped that the people of taiwan and the insightful people from all walks of life in taiwan will pay attention to overall national interests and realize the reunification of china with an earnest attitude during this critical moment when we have to determine which way we should choose , reunification or separation .
lu dong noted that the 1999 country reports on human rights practices issued by the us department of state once again make presumptuous comments on the human rights conditions in some 190 countries and regions , including china . recently , the united states lodged a draft resolution concerning china at the un conference on human rights in geneva .
lu dong said that turning the old china , which had long been weak , poor , and subject to all kinds of humiliations , into an independent and initially prosperous new china was an outstanding contribution made by the chinese nation to the civilization of mankind and the human rights cause in the world .
since the start of reform and opening up , china has found a road suited to its national conditions for promoting and developing human rights : putting the rights to subsistence and development in the first place while promoting human rights in an all - round way under the conditions of reform , development , and stability .
practical experience has proved that this is a must - take road and a road to success for the long - term development of china 's human rights cause on an institutional and legal track .
lu dong continued : while consistently making indiscreet criticism of human rights in other countries , the united states turns a deaf ear to and refuses to talk about its own bad records of human rights .
as borne out by a lot of evidence obtained from the united states , last year there were instances of serious infringement on civil , political , economic , and social rights as well as the rights of women and children , and racial discrimination existed everywhere in that country .
what is most intolerable is that the united states often appears as " the world 's human rights police " in the international community , engaging in wanton military aggression here and there and encroaching on the sovereignty and human rights of other countries .
fallacies such as " human rights above sovereignty " and " human rights have no national boundaries " are merely the false reasoning and excuses it uses for disregarding the international law and for grossly interfering in the internal affairs and unscrupulously encroaching on the sovereignty of other countries .
in conclusion , he said that the chinese people , loving peace and seeking human rights , will never submit to the pressures of hegemonism and power politics , while any schemes to contain china 's development and to westernize and divide china are doomed to failure .
huang hua , honorary director of the fund , said that no one should be allowed to use human rights as a pretext to meddle in the sovereignty of other countries .
in old china , huang hua said , the chinese people could not even secure their right to subsistence , to say nothing of other rights .
thanks to reform and opening up , china now has an abundant supply of goods , and the legal system is improving with each passing day . china 's current human rights situation can be regarded as unprecedented .
i have spent half my life on new china 's diplomatic front , huang hua said , and i profoundly understand that it would be impossible for a country to talk about human rights without sovereignty .
china has stressed that the right to subsistence and development is the primary human right precisely because it proceeded from its own national conditions and put it into practice .
over half a century in the past , some countries and people have failed in trying all means to interfere in china 's internal affairs . today , they also are doomed to failure in any attempt to use human rights to interfere in china 's internal affairs .
china has become strong and prosperous . gone forever are the days when china was bullied by foreign powers .
huang hua said that the chinese human rights development fund is working hard towards this direction .
shanghai , 19 mar ( xinhua ) - - ambassador richard c. holbrooke , representative of the united states to the united nations , arrived in shanghai this morning , starting a four - day visit to china .
it is learned that holbrooke and his entourage will leave for beijing later tonight .
taiwan people 's " anti - lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] " flames of anger have finally erupted .
taiwan 's " presidential election " has ended , and while chen shui - bian ( ch ' en shui - pien , ) the president - elect , was jubilantly travelling around to thank his supporters , voices demanding the ouster of lee teng - hui have thundered throughout taiwan .
during the incident , the situation became chaotic and was out of control several times , and many people were injured .
the reason lee teng - hui has been universally condemned is not only his " bad character , " but more because , from the very beginning to the end , he has pursued a mistaken cause that is in violation of the fundamental interests of the people of taiwan .
to consolidate his power and position , he did not balk at inviting large numbers of " taiwan independence " elements who had posed threats to taiwan 's security to return to taiwan , has connived at " taiwan independence " forces ' " legal " activities , and even allowed them to gain partial political powers .
following chen shui - bian 's victory in taiwan 's general election , the mainland chinese military and government departments concerned were immediately on a high state of alert .
however , the authorities especially stressed the need to ensure the safety of taiwan tourists and businessmen on the mainland and banned protests against taiwan - funded enterprises .
in a brief statement issued last night on the election of a new leader on taiwan , the taiwan affairs offices of the cpc central committee and the state council reiterated that the election result cannot change the fact that taiwan is part of chinese territory .
" we will judge taiwan 's new leader by his deeds , not his words . we will wait and see in which direction he will lead the cross - strait relations . "
according to the news , beijing has analyzed the possibilities of chen 's election on the principle that " we have no illusions about chen shui - bian . "
air - raid drill in southeastern coastal cities according to the news , beijing had prepared for the worst - case scenario of chen 's election and worked out several plans . its plan for dealing with lien chan 's election was more or less the same as that for dealing with soong chu - yu 's election .
however , its countermeasure against chen shui - bian 's election is to dampen the " arrogance of taiwan independence forces . "
the news also indicated that the shenzhen garrison troops , as well as the people 's armed police and public security officers , have been instructed internally to cancel all leave for the next 10 days and await orders at any time .
moreover , over the past few days , the three armed services and the missile unit of the pla quietly have beefed up their military strength in the front line of fujian province .
unlike the military exercises held before taiwan 's general election in 1996 , the present move to increase military strength " will be a real one , " and there is no need to hold any exercises in advance .
if the dpp dares to show its teeth and clamor for " independence , " the chinese government can then logically use force to strike at the traitors .
the us state department 's annual country reports on human rights practices are in themselves hegemonist behavior .
there is no basis or acknowledged international authorization for doing this , it is simply done on the authorization of the us congress .
if other countries followed us hegemonist logic and bad example , and , as authorized by their parliaments , made irresponsible remarks and unwarranted charges concerning the internal affairs under the jurisdiction of other countries , what normal international order could there be , and would the world not be in total chaos !
obviously , this is not true concern for human rights but hypocrisy for the sake of attaining political goals .
of course , this does not mean that there are no human rights problems in china .
hegemonism is also manifest in the fact that the united states is enthusiastic in attacking the human rights situation in other countries but makes no mention of its own human rights problems .
in fact , the human rights situation in the united states is not wonderful , and its human rights record is not brilliant .
the us state department imagines itself to be the example for human rights , as if its concept , system , standard , mode , and practice of human rights are the most perfect and the only things of universal significance .
in fact , that concept , system , standard , and model are products of the evolution of american history , and are a process ; this process has not yet ended , so how can these things be regarded as completely perfect ?
in fact , it is not possible that the government of every country in the world will use identical methods of promoting and protecting human rights .
as former un secretary general butros - ghali said , " if everyone wears the same clothes , speaks the same language , and has the same customs , we will be facing the danger of a kind of global fascist empire . "
what is world economic integration ?
to be more incisive , while market competition is becoming increasingly internationalized , an interrelated pattern of interest has gradually taken shape among the countries in the world in the fields , such as economy , trade , finance , and investment while political and regional barriers have gradually decreased or diminished .
it is precisely because of this that during the current election in taiwan , when the " taiwan independence " forces ran rampant for a time , taipei 's stocks drastically plunged by 600 points or so .
this shows that most taiwan people do not agree with " taiwan independence . "
we must make an analysis of this phenomenon in terms of economic interest .
in the recent dozen years or so , with the end of the cold war , various countries have a large stockpile of strategic materials and arms dealers have found it more and more difficult to do their business .
if a country does not follow what they say , then they will " keep peace " for the country .
soon afterwards , amid gunfire , the government of the country has to buy weapons to stimulate its economic growth .
the middle east is now in a state of cease - fire and hostilities in yugoslavia have come to a temporary conclusion . under these circumstances , who will buy arms any more ?
moreover , in a buyer market , obviously the buyer will get a discount , which may be in the economic or political form or both .
recently , scandals have arisen one after another on taiwan 's political arena . however , the future 's biggest scandals will perhaps be scandals relating to arms trade .
the taiwan people and the world people must be aware of this .
accelerating development is fundamental way out zeng peiyan , minister in charge of the state development planning commission , recently pointed out at a relevant symposium : the past journey of the chinese nation has fully proven the truth expounded by deng xiaoping : development is the last word .
in the meantime , residents ' income also increased . we increased the income of middle - and low - income residents considerably , thereby directly expanding consumption demand and effectively pulling along economic growth .
china is now in the process of trying to resolve them and has achieved initial success in resolving some .
preliminary statistics show state - owned industrial enterprises and industrial enterprises where the state held a controlling interest made around 90 billion yuan in profits , an increase of around 70 percent from the previous year , to achieve the high level of the past few years .
first , to accelerate readjustment of the economic structure .
it is necessary to pay greater attention to practical results and do what is within our means and to integrate it with the development of the eastern and central regions .
it is necessary to accelerate infrastructure construction in the western region ; strengthen protection of the ecological environment ; vigorously readjust the industrial structure ; develop science , technology , and education and accelerate the fostering of qualified personnel ; and intensify the efforts of reform and opening to the outside world .
third , to advance urbanization .
fifth , to persist with sustainable development .
the surging tide of acquisitions and mergers among international enterprises is breeding yet another major industrial transfer . after accepting the market for labor - intensive industries in the 1970 s , developing countries may have to brace themselves again for the full - fledged onslaught of multinational companies .
it is precisely when we look at how guangdong prepares itself for the wto against this backdrop that we are seeing the following inspiring picture .
relevant departments in guangdong have been busy making preparations since the new round of sino - us wto negotiations began in the spring of 1999 . they have gone down by groups to various prefectures and cities in the province to conduct investigations and organize discussions for enterprises , and have invited experts to offer suggestions .
it was precisely li changchun who chose this topic of discussion .
as soon as sino - us negotiations came to an end on november 19 , the general office of the guangdong provincial government invited long yongtu , vice minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , to a high - level seminar .
on the day of the seminar , the huge sun yat - sen memorial hall was packed with nearly 3,000 people . all tickets , which cost a hefty 800 yuan each , were sold out , and there were still people waiting eagerly in the cold wind for returns .
was it worthwhile spending nearly 1,000 yuan to hear reports ?
a deputy general manager of a feed company in guangdong said : " of course it is money well spent . our general manager and myself have come in the hope of hearing the latest information and discovering business opportunities at this high - level seminar . "
we have seen to our pleasure that , with the determination of " creating new advantages and scaling new heights " and under the correct leadership of the cpc central committee , the people of all walks of life in guangdong have resolutely chosen the road of further reform and opening up .
guangdong has started preparing for entry into the wto .
since guangdong still has a leading edge with its low - cost processing plants , which have all the necessary basic facilities , multinational companies will continue to subcontract or transfer their labor - intensive processes to the province . this will give new room for guangdong 's labor - intensive industries .
positive involvement in competition in the international trade in services will also bring about a swift improvement in guangdong 's service sector and make guangdong one of the first provinces to basically achieve modernization in social , cultural , ideological , and other respects .
from these , we can see that guangdong is clear in its thinking and is taking positive and sure - footed steps in preparing for china 's wto entry . it is also taking positive involvement in international competition of a high order as a process of the total enhancement of the economy as a whole .
what will the specific situation be ?
guangdong is 65 percent self - sufficient in grain and 76 percent self - sufficient in meat .
as for those high - tech products which have yet to develop , such as chip production , the task of getting started will be quite arduous in the face of the technological advantages of foreign enterprises .
in the services sectors , banking , telecommunications , insurance , and commercial retailing will be affected to varying degrees primarily because there is an obvious gap between our services and those of developed countries . however , guangdong 's service trades are confident that they will be able to grow to maturity while " dancing with wolves . "
stepping out and opening up a new world during the 20 years of reform and opening up , guangdong has benefited from the opportunity of the international division of industrial labor ahead of other parts of the country .
guangdong subscribes to the view that " inviting in " is necessary for its growth while " stepping out " is inevitable in competition .
looking at guangdong at the turn of the century , everything seems to be galloping ahead .
people have every reason to believe that guangdong will definitely be able to achieve greater achievements under the correct guidance of the cpc central committee .
just as is considered by international public opinion , the united states ' " annual country reports on human rights practices " is entirely a hodgepodge " full of falsehoods , exaggerations , unwarranted criticisms , and one - sided assertions " .
if you read in a little more carefully , you will also discover that throughout these reports , american values are espoused , with every other nation 's actions that are not in accord with " american values " being criticized by the united states as " violating human rights . "
in other words , what is the human rights situation in the united states itself ?
everyone is defensive : where will this mess end ?
uncle sam may not make any comments , but he cannot stop up the ears .
just as if the " annual country reports on human rights practices " were to serve as a footnote , not even two days after the report was published , a gunshot rang out at michigan 's bell elementary school .
in the short expanse of only 11 days , four shooting cases had successively occurred in the united states , and nine innocent lives were lost forever in the smoke emitted from the gun barrels .
according to estimates from the united states department of justice , more than 1 million gun - related cases occur every year in the united states .
since 1972 , the number of people dying in the united states every year from gun - related homicides , suicides , and accidents has already surpassed 30,000 people .
on 27 february , several thousand demonstrators amassed at the square across from the general headquarters of the united nations , protesting the diallo ruling - - deemed conspiratorial with domestic racism .
diallo was shot to death on the evening of 4 february 1999 , and only because those four white plain clothes officers arbitrarily considered that he was a " suspicious character , " and they suspected that he was reaching into a pocket to " pull out a gun " , so they jointly fired 41 shots into him .
and the 22 - year old black youth diallo that lay in a pool of his own blood , at the time was only trying to reach into his pocket to pull out his wallet with identification , or get some money to " give up some money to avert disaster . "
this case being tried for a year , and then facing a verdict of " not guilty " from the courts , could not help but leave the american public - - whether they be black - skinned , white skinned , or otherwise colored - - feeling defenseless .
human rights diplomacy : wave the " righteousness " banner implementing human rights diplomacy has been a basic component of american foreign policy ever since the 1970 s .
according to the theory of the founder of american human rights diplomacy , former president jimmy carter , an american foreign policy " rooted in the belief of the american people in freedom and human rights , " " truly possesses strength . "
since the 1990 s , as stressed even more by the american government , upholding " human rights , " " democracy , " and " freedom " are concepts constituting a firm conviction of the american people , and are also where the strength of american foreign policy lies .
at first hearing , human rights diplomacy embodies the mom and pop " cosmopolitan humanitarianism " of the " heartwarming world . "
however , one should judge by actions and not words . the greater facts show that the human rights diplomacy of the united states is only a gilded banner for " holy crusades , " while secretly it is a means for selling hegemonism and power politics .
always nothing is said .
the united states , mouthing human rights , in the end utilized concentrated bombing and depleted uranium bombs - - weapons prohibited by international law , and bombed residential sites , schools , hospital , and other civilian targets , even flagrantly bombing chemical installations , causing the spread of chemicals and reagents , seemingly carrying out chemical warfare .
this type of frenzied , anti - human rights action that left several thousands injured in yugoslavia and millions without food and clothing , revealed that when the united states had no way to subvert a person 's will , it would then want to physically eliminate the hideous demeanor of its foe .
america at such a moment , would even cast aside the wolf 's clothing of " human rights , " and become a totally people - eating machine , without a shred of " morality " to speak of .
indeed the aim of the united states is to use " humanitarian intervention " to weaken or injure the sovereignty of other nations !
american scholar huntington , in his 1999 " lonely superpower " article , succinctly pointed out that the united states , in the eyes of many nations , is entirely a " rogue superpower " .
even if it has not reached the time for coming out into the open , the human rights diplomacy of the united states also is not that soft .
ulterior motives : where is there any " trust " to speak of ?
the united states again and again loudly proclaims that we must " uphold human rights , " but has only entered the " convention to prevent and curb crimes of euthanasia " - - which is only one of seven international human rights conventions .
this type of ironic phenomenon has allowed the people of the world to clearly recognize that when mom and pop talk human rights , it is really with ulterior motives .
thus , the objectivity of the pakistan government toward this report brought up doubts regarding the report .
the spokesman said that the united states ' attack on russia in the russian country report was " unacceptable , " and was " subjective , " and " held preconceptions " toward russia .
he stressed that the criticism of the american so - called human rights report toward the russian military 's actions in chechnya was " without basis " because the materials cited in the report " had not gone through any verification . "
if uncle sam intends to play " global human rights police persons , " at least he should wipe clean his own behind .
now , on 20 march , the united states once again wants to submit the anti - china motion on " censuring china 's human rights situation " to the 56 th un human rights meeting held in geneva .
this is because more and more countries disagree on tackling the divergence of human rights through confrontation .
there is a picture - like view . the international human rights issue is precisely like " a vivid paste - up picture . " although a rough picture has been sketched already , there are still several odd pieces that cannot be inserted to their places until they are polished and processed .
the question at the moment is how to redress the wrong colors and pieces with a view to showing a complete picture to the people .
however , western countries led by the united states have always adopted a dual standard for the human rights issue , pursuing interventionism and power politics .
at the moment , the clinton government has resolutely opposed this bill .
however , once the united states applies the policy of " new interventionism , " that is being pursued in europe , to the east asian affairs on the excuse of safeguarding human rights , the inner contradictions and even the inner tension factors concerning the us policy towards china will surely become increasingly sharp .
zhu rongji said : the traditional friendship between china and the dprk was personally established and nurtured by the older generation of leaders of the two countries . it is a common valuable asset of the people of china and the dprk .
as entrusted , paek nam - sun conveyed cordial greetings from general secretary kim chong - il to president jiang zemin , chairman li peng , and premier zhu rongji , as well as cordial greetings from premier hong song - nam to premier zhu rongji .
he said : it is the consistent position of the dprk party and government to further develop the dprk - china friendship that was personally established and nurtured by the older generation of leaders of the two countries .
no matter what changes may occur in the international situation , the dprk - china friendship will never change .
paek nam - sun also extended his congratulations to the chinese people on the achievements they had made in reform , opening up , and modernization .
they also pointed out that power changed hands because lee teng - hui had sold the kmt out .
cppcc standing committee member hsu szu - min pointed out that lee teng - hui was under fire from all quarters and beset with troubles both inside and outside following chen shui - bian 's election , and the mass protests in taiwan showed people 's extreme infuriation over his underhanded tricks .
hsu szu - min said : the kmt has lost so pathetically in the elections after ruling taiwan for so long all because of lee teng - hui 's double dealings .
he supported lien chan on the one hand but groomed chen shui - bian on the other . the taiwan people resented his deeds , which explained the strong mass protests over the past two days .
they hoped that chen shui - bian would take things into careful consideration and renounce his " taiwan independence " line .
he hoped that after taking office , chen shui - bian would have the vision and wisdom to change his taiwan independence line , because there is no future for taiwan independence .
since chen shui - bian is a politician , we need to observe him for some time . we should judge him not just by his words but also by his deeds .
the fourth plenary session of the 15 th cpc central committee has made strategic arrangements for further promoting the reform and development of state enterprise .
ever since the four assets management companies of xinda , dongfang , changcheng , and huarong were established and opened for business in china , more than 80 enterprises have so far signed agreements or framework agreements with financial asset management companies and the state development bank concerning the practice of changing debt into equity .
today , the positive role of this policy measure is gradually manifesting itself .
making a breakthrough in the present double predicament , and striving to attain the goal of killing two birds with one stone triggered by the devaluation of the thai baht , the asian financial crisis took place in 1997 and lasted throughout 1998 .
a responsible person of the people 's bank of china has warned that if the problem of huge debts remains unsolved for a long period of time , it " will not only cause great harm to the national economy , but will also bring about direct economic losses to the vast numbers of the masses . "
like a coin which has two sides , the large amount of bad creditor 's rights of banks also has another side , that is , the large amount of bad debts incurred by state enterprises .
statistics have shown that the average ratio of liabilities among state enterprises has gone over 70 percent .
therefore , relieving enterprises of their debt burdens has become an obstacle that must be removed in the current difficulty - relief campaign of the state enterprise reform .
in the face of the double predicament which is currently plaguing both banks and state enterprises , the party central committee and the state council have made the major decision to introduce the practice of changing creditor 's rights into stock rights .
a responsible person of the state economic and trade commission has pointed out : the so - called practice of " changing debt into equity " refers to a practice of changing the creditor 's rights originally held by commercial banks in qualified state enterprises into the stock rights possessed by asset management companies in these enterprises .
under this practice , asset management companies will become a principal investor and a shareholder of these enterprises ; and they will exercise the rights of a shareholder according to the law , and participate in the decision - making process concerning the major affairs of the enterprises .
under the practice of changing debt into equity , the liabilities ratio of enterprises can be lowered by a considerable extent , the bad assets of banks can hopefully be brought into circulation again , and financial risks can be effectively averted .
it has been learned that , as early as the mid 1980 's , countries like chile had already used the method of changing creditor rights into stock rights for the purpose of averting huge debts .
as for asset management companies , their emergence originates from a debt restructuring trust company in the united states ( also known as the " us bad debt bank " ) .
the beijing cement factory is the first enterprise that gets involved in the practice of changing debt into equity .
therefore , viewed from the angle of enterprises , the practice of changing debt into equity is tantamount to giving them another chance to go to the battlefront without any burden .
to get things done in china , the worst thing to fear is that good policies are twisted and misrepresented by those with confused ideas .
the practice of " changing debt into equity " is a policy put forward by relevant sides upon repeated studies and careful deliberations , and therefore has a strict policy demarcation line .
we should set strict requirements on the qualifications of enterprises , carry out the work in line with relevant stipulations and standards , conduct strict examinations and verifications , guard against any loss of state assets and any negative influences , and refrain from rushing headlong into mass actions or acting in haste without due consideration .
from this we can see that enterprises qualified for the practice of changing debt into equity are limited to a small number of key state enterprises which have a vital importance to the national economy and people 's livelihood .
as a principal investor , asset management companies have set even higher requirements on the enterprises qualified for the practice of changing debt into equity .
therefore , we should keep a strict control over the implementation of the practice , ensure a standardized operation , act in line with the market law , and guard against excessive administrative interference .
the practice is not a magic drug for all ills ; what counts is system innovation bringing enterprises back to life is key to the success of the practice of changing debt into equity .
only when enterprises are brought back to life can asset management companies have the " profits " to share and can they sell the enterprises for a good price in future cash realization . otherwise , bad creditor 's right will become back stock rights , and these financial asset management companies will get into hot water .
once an acquisition becomes necessary , the asset management company will stand to greater losses .
this is because that once the creditor 's rights originally held by banks are turned into the stock rights of a company , they will no longer be given priority in compensation but will become the last to receive a compensation .
to bring enterprises back to life , it will not do if we only rely on the practice of changing debt into equity .
therefore , to extricate state enterprises from their present predicament , we should suit our measures to the actual conditions of these enterprises , and find comprehensive solutions to their problems ; and any hope for miraculous changes that may result from the application of the practice of changing debt into equity will prove nothing but an unrealistic illusion .
as an effective means of debt restructuring , the practice of changing debt into equity can be said a good medicine for reducing the debt burdens of enterprises , yet it is not a " magic drug " that can guarantee to cure all ills .
the practice of changing debt into equity cannot substitute the efforts of enterprises to improve their production and operation and to reinforce their management , still less their efforts to change their operating mechanisms and establish a modern enterprise system .
viewing from this angle , we can say that " there is no savior and we have to rely on ourselves " in the difficulty - relief campaign of the state enterprise reform .
other enterprises have also made similar arrangements .
an analyst here believes that the practice of changing debt into equity is a very heavy task , for it is linked with state enterprises at one end and state - owned commercial banks at the other .
judging by the present implementation of the practice , the overall program has proved well - knit and the operation , fairly standardized ; and this will help greatly lower the risks that are hidden in the policy of changing debt into equity .
beijing , 20 mar ( xinhua ) - - in the past years , evasion of foreign currency payments and acquisition of foreign currency by fraud caused great losses to the state 's foreign exchange resources .
although relevant departments did their utmost to deal blows to such activities , very little effect was produced .
over the past 1 year or so since this network was applied , the problems caused by forged foreign exchange declaration forms have effectively been resolved ; thus greatly helping increase the country 's foreign exchange reserves .
in the year 1998 , china 's trade accounts registered a favorable balance of $ 43.5 billion foreign exchange , but only more than $ 7 billion foreign exchange were created .
although the 1999 trade accounts recorded a favorable balance of $ 29.1 billion foreign exchange earnings , $ 22 billion foreign exchange were created . all the surplus foreign exchange earnings were handed over to the state treasury in 1999 .
meanwhile , the tax evasion activities that some enterprises underreport the prices and the amounts of goods when writing declaration forms have effectively been prevented .
in 1999 , the customs nationwide created 159 billion yuan , an increase of more than 80 percent over 1998 partially thanks to the contributions of the network .
the application of this network makes things convenient for enterprises to lawfully go through foreign exchange procedures .
in the past when enterprises submitted applications for foreign exchange , banks and customs had to examine enterprises ' declaration forms through mails and it took about half a month or even longer time to complete the entire process of each case .
while handling foreign exchange business with this network , enterprises and banks may judge whether declaration forms are genuine or not just in a few minutes after inserting different discs into their computers .
we have been deeply enlightened from the fact that several departments made concerted efforts to curb the raging tide , which ran rampant for a while . many departments become aware of how powerful sincere cooperation and information technology are .
relevant specialists maintained that if other sectors adopt such a method , some of our problems will effectively be resolved .
changchun , 20 mar ( xinhua ) - - changchun city recently made public 10 cases involving 14 cadres who have been punished for abusing their power to barbarously enforce law and swindle , check , extort from , and harm the public .
an official in charge of chunyang market under luyuan branch of the city 's industrial and commercial bureau took clothes and daily necessities from stalls in chunyang mall numerous times .
in shisanjiazi village of shengyang township , dehui city , money spent on official dining and wining exceeded 28,000 yuan in two years .
the jurisdiction for the examination and approval of foreign business investment projects is lowered one level .
xinhua domestic service announced on 20 march that the state development planning commission and the state economic and trade commission made an announcement regarding changes in the examination and approval procedures for foreign business investment which will lower restrictions on foreign business concerns and expand foreign business investment .
the permit for the recommendation document and feasibility study of the business projects must correspond with stated business types of the state development planning commission and the state economic and trade commission for it to be put on record .
within the month from the day the state development planning commission and the state economic and trade commission receive notice that a project has been put on record , permission will be granted if there is no disagreement .
this announcement emphasizes that to avoid redundancy , all related departments must strive to connect interrelated policy to make the " put on record " system strong .
beijing , 20 mar ( xinhua ) - - the end of the taiwan region 's new leader election and the kuomintang 's defeat in the election and its loss of ruling party status have caused tremendous repercussions on taiwan society .
the kuomintang 's chung - yang jih - pao [ zhongyang ribao ] also published a special article pointing out that the " effect of abandoning lien and supporting bian , " which spread like a raging fire at the beginning of the campaign , was a crucial factor in voters ' last - minute decision .
a chung - kuo shih - pao editorial says : the biggest worry given the people by the dpp is its " taiwan independence " character .
he said : taiwan 's local election is over . as we have said in the past , we still maintain that whoever comes to power in taiwan is welcome to the mainland for talks . moreover , we can also go to taiwan .
anything can be discussed under this premise .
beijing , 18 mar ( xinhua ) - - the people 's republic of china [ prc ] presidential decree no. 31 : the legislation law of the prc was adopted by the third session of the ninth prc national people 's congress standing committee on 15 march 2000 .
we will listen to what the new leader in taiwan says and watch what he does and we will observe where he will lead the cross - straits relations .
ding shisun , chairman of the china democratic league central committee , expressed his firm support for the chinese government 's consistent policy and stand with respect to solution of the taiwan question .
any compatriot who loves the chinese nation and chinese culture will not tolerate " taiwan independence " in whatever form and will support the government to take any necessary means to stop it .
jiang zhenghua , chairman of the central committee of the china peasants ' and workers ' democratic party , said : the taiwan regional leader 's election ended with various complex factors .
wu jieping , chairman of the central committee of the jiusan society , pointed out : the one - china principle is the prerequisite for peaceful reunification . " taiwan independence " in whatever form will never be allowed .
we will listen to what the new leader in the taiwan region says and watch what he does and we will observe where he will lead the cross - straits relations .
in addition , we can also go to taiwan .
however , dialogue and negotiations require a basis - - namely , acknowledging first the principle of one china ; on this premise , anything can be discussed .
beijing , 20 apr ( xinhua ) - - state council vice premier li lanqing , a long - standing member of the chinese communist central political bureau , today invited all members of the fourth committee of the national natural science foundation council to zhongnanhai to conduct informal discussions .
li lanqing spoke after listening to the speeches made by the committee members and scholars .
he initially related the trends of the present world economy and scientific development to china 's urgent demands for science and technology to develop economic society , in order to emphasize the importance of basic scientific research .
li lanqing stated that the party and the country attach great importance to basic scientific research .
the nation has greatly increased its concentration on basic scientific research , continuously promoted several important moves , and the strategic position of basic scientific research has unceasingly been enhanced .
he pointed out the development of basic scientific research requires striving to stress innovation from the basic level .
promoting innovation at the basic levels is the common responsibility of scientists and technical managers .
we should thoroughly respect and protect scientists ' pioneering spirit , and encourage in them a consciousness to establish arduous research within academic circles , dare to innovate , and dare to pioneer .
because of this , we must emphasize the construction of these disciplines , and perfect and develop a basic research studies system that has china 's special characteristics , and is also in accordance with the trends of contemporary scientific development .
some of the results obtained from research within these disciplines have aroused widespread interest and repercussions in international circles .
the fourth committee of the national natural science foundation council has a total of 26 members , 18 of whom are scholars in two ministries .
at about two in the afternoon of march 19 , more people arrived at the kmt headquarters with placards bearing the words " down with lee teng - hui . "
members of the standing committee of the kmt central committee who were making their way to their headquarters were surrounded by the protesting masses , and the scene turned chaotic at times .
however , the decision failed to appease the crowd . they continued their protests all through the night demanding lee 's immediate resignation .
the masses continued their protests today .
several protests also flared up outside the local kmt headquarters in southern taiwan .
the angry masses took to the street in taipei and strongly demanded that lee teng - hui step down at once and assume full responsibilities for the kmt 's electoral defeat .
the recent election has fully borne out that lee teng - hui has come to no good end for promoting " taiwan independence . " he has not only ruined the kmt with his own hand but also accelerated his own downfall .
people have seen clearly that during the past 12 years since he came to power , lee teng - hui has implemented an out - and - out " taiwan independence " line .
thus it was by no means strange that he resorted to the trick of " abandoning lien ( lien chan ) and protecting bian ( chen shui - bian ) " in the final stage of the recent election .
tolerated and connived at by him , the " taiwan independence " forces on the island have grown stronger with each passing day , and the dpp has gained control of almost two - thirds of some 21 counties and cities .
no wonder some news media have pointed out that lee teng - hui had already handed over " half of the country " to the dpp a few years before .
over the past 12 years , lee teng - hui has all along tried to intensify tension in cross - strait relations and constantly made trouble .
as he has reared a tiger to court calamity , the dpp candidate has won out in the recent local election held in taiwan .
shouting " lee teng - hui , step down immediately ! " people gathering in front of the kmt central committee office have staged their protest for several days in a row .
led by county councilor liu te - lin , more than 100 kmt members in the fengshan area of kaohsiung county staged a protest in front of the county party office to express their dissatisfaction .
burning with rage , they showered lee teng - hui with abuse .
the first group of supporters , about 400 people , went north by tourist bus at midnight 19 march , and the second group , 500 people , also went north individually early this morning .
we said before and still hold today that whoever comes to power in taiwan , he is welcome to the mainland for talks , and we can also go to taiwan .
under this prerequisite , everything can be discussed .
( end of a passage published in boldface ) during the talks , jiang zemin extended a warm welcome to sassau - nguesso on his current visit to china .
jiang zemin stressed : both china and congo ( brazzaville ) are developing countries ; and we are facing a common task of safeguarding peace and seeking further development at the present moment when the trend of a world multipolarization and an economic globalization is undergoing a constant development .
further promoting the friendly relations of cooperation between our two countries tallies with the common interests of both .
china has consistently attached great importance to africa , and has regarded its friendly cooperation with african countries as an important component part of its foreign policy , jiang zemin indicated .
we support the efforts made by african countries in safeguarding their sovereignty and territorial integrity , maintaining a stable political situation , developing their economy , improving the living standards of their people , and settling conflicts on their own continent by relying on their own strength and through dialogues and consultations .
jiang zemin expressed belief that this conference will be of a great significance to further promoting a comprehensive cooperation between china and africa in the new century .
the chinese people have attained tremendous achievements during the process of reform and opening up over the past more than 20 years , which command the rejoice and the great admiration of the vast numbers of developing countries , he added .
sassau - nguesso expressed appreciation for the proposal of the chinese side on holding a " china - africa cooperation forum - - the year 2000 beijing ministerial conference " in october this year .
he said that congo ( brazzaville ) is in support of the holding of this conference , and will send its delegation to the conference .
we congratulate china on its recovery of sovereignty over hong kong and macao , and believes that china will surely settle the taiwan issue and complete its great reunification cause of the motherland at an early date .
among those attending the talks from the chinese sides were state council vice premier qian qichen , minister of foreign trade and economic relations shi guangsheng , minister of culture sun jiazheng , chinese ambassador to congo ( brazzaville ) qu fujun , deputy foreign minister ji peiding , and deputy minister of public health wang longde .
wei jianxing sincerely welcomed the delegation .
he introduced to the guests china 's political and economic situations , especially the situation with the implementation of the strategy for developing the western region in a big way ; and hoped that both sides would continue to strengthen exchanges and cooperation .
the delegation visited china at the invitation of the chinese workers foreign exchange center .
zhang junjiu , vice chairman of the all - china federation of trade unions and first secretary of the secretariat of the federation ; and some others joined the meeting .
according to the central arrangements , the first group of counties ( cities ) began the education one after another .
a start has a bearing on the overall situation .
so , the first group of counties ( cities ) should make specific arrangements to conscientiously and repeatedly study the speech and to acquire a profound understanding of it .
unhealthy styles of study , such as being unable to sit still , failing to study intensively , skimming over the surface , and being satisfied with a smattering of knowledge , should resolutely be prevented .
we should closely proceed from ideological and working reality and actually devote ourselves to the study .
we should think over the questions , such as why " we participate in revolution , what we should do at our official posts , and what we will leave for the coming generations ? "
we should firmly remember the party 's earnest teachings , work hard , and certainly fulfill the expectations of the party .
the purpose of the study is application .
the counties ( cities ) that have not yet conducted the " three stresses " education in a concentrated manner should also conscientiously study the speech .
we should penetrate the study of the speech into the entire process of the " three stresses " education for counties ( cities . )
at a meeting yesterday afternoon with kuomintang [ kmt ] legislators , kmt chairman lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] said he should take the greatest responsibility for the party 's disastrous defeat in the presidential election .
as far as the spirit of democracy is concerned , taking turns by political parties is a normal thing , and not even one of the third - batch of democratic countries in the world is excepted from this .
however , as long as our party is concerned , the election loss really was unprecedented and a major defeat . we must accept the fact of the failure and conduct a thorough self - examination as soon as we can .
there are many reasons .
the people are not deeply impressed by the outstanding achievements we have scored during our party 's rule ; instead , they endorsed the opposition party 's call for " taking turns by political parties " and " terminating money and gang - linked politics . "
now that the results of the election have been announced , it helps nothing to just try to affix the responsibility and to make all kinds of censures and criticisms . the important thing is to learn a lesson from our defeat and to stand up as quickly as we can to get prepared for future competitions .
at the ah hoc party central committee meeting yesterday , a resolution was adopted on forming a " chinese kuomintang reform committee . " it is hoped that the party 's organization will be strengthened as quickly as possible and the party 's strength will be consolidated to cope with the new situation .
i ' ld like to particularly point out that , in future political situations , the legislative yuan inevitably will play a crucial role , because , in accordance with the additional and amended articles of the constitution , the roc 's current constitutional system is the so - called " two heads system . "
for this reason , although the premier is nominated by the president without the legislative yuan 's agreement , the president must respect the opinion of the majority at the legislative yuan .
under such circumstances , in the election defeat , what our party has lost is just the executive power . if the legislator comrades of our party can unite together , our party still will have substantive legislative power , and , four years from now , we still will have a good opportunity to regain the executive power .
on the contrary , if legislators of our party do not work with one heart and one mind , our party very likely will remain an opposition party for a long time .
for this reason , i particularly instructed the party 's policy body to hold this symposium so i can hear the opinions of all of you . i hope that these opinions will be summed up as soon as possible so that they can be used as an important reference for the party 's reform and consolidation .
as long as all of us unite together , pull ourselves together , and carry out all - round reform , our party definitely will make a comeback and regain the people 's endorsement and support .
whoever is in power in taiwan is welcome to come to the mainland to hold talks .
but there must be a basis for a dialogue or negotiations , that is , it is necessary to recognize the one - china principle .
the iron will of the chinese people , who are determined to safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity with their blood and life , is unshakable .
whenever we sing our national anthem , we always think of defending our land and state sovereignty as the sacred duties of the citizens .
in terms of the legal principle , united nations resolution 258 also confirms the one - china principle and opposes the practice of two chinas .
in 1978 the united states established diplomatic relations with china on the prerequisite that it severed diplomatic relations with taiwan , withdrew the seventh fleet from taiwan , and broke off all treaties with taiwan .
therefore , as far as the international legal principle is concerned , the one - china principle is totally indiscussible and indubitable .
cross - strait talks are for the sake of peaceful reunification . if they are not based on the one - china principle , what is the use of the talks ?
they will only play the role of helping chen shui - bian engage in real " taiwan independence " and sham talks .
the npc session has approved the government work report and confirmed , in the form of a resolution , early resolution of the taiwan issue under the principle of one china .
the chinese government 's stand is firm , serious , and earnest .
chen will overrate his own abilities if he wants to embrace foreigners to earn himself dignity and attempt to change the one - china principle .
chen has risen to power to lead a weak government . if the dark cloud of " taiwan independence " is not removed , taiwan 's politics and economy will be thrown into chaos . he must seriously consider this situation and weigh the pros and cons .
the chinese people know that the early resolution of the taiwan issue depends , in the final analysis , on china 's economic and national defense strength , meticulous planning , and strong measures .
for this reason , the people of the entire country must concentrate all forces to build the motherland and expand the state 's comprehensive national strength as quickly as possible in order to make contributions to the early resolution of the taiwan issue .
the announcement of taiwan 's election results has immediately evoked large - scale mass demonstrations and a sharp fall in the stock market , which indicates that chen shui - bian will have to traverse a path beset with difficulties in his future administration .
" taiwan independence " has always been the " box - office poison " for chen shui - bian in running for the elections .
instead of recognizing the one - china principle , chen shui - bian said that one - china can be a topic for discussion . that is unacceptable to the mainland .
the one - china principle is the prerequisite for cross - strait political talks because the ultimate aim of cross - strait political talks is to realize reunification of the country .
if one cannot even recognize this principle , cross - strait political talks will be meaningless .
chen shui - bian is still taking an evasive attitude on this key issue .
such a practice of pressing forward step by step and storming the mainland 's bottom - line has pushed the motherland to the limit of its forbearance , making it prepared to resort to force when necessary .
however , it is estimated that the period of observation will not be too long .
chen shui - bian must make a choice between the one - china principle and his " two countries across the strait . "
to be sure , there will be no way out for " taiwan independence , " which is not acceptable to the people across the taiwan straits and which will also get no support from the international community .
the military situation across the taiwan strait has become tense again .
sources disclosed that chi haotian went down south to fujian for an inspection .
for the past few days , chi has inspected the equipment of the three armed services and logistical organizations , such as military hospitals , in the xiamen area . 300 mainland fishing boats pressing on towards dongsha pla hospitals in xiamen and zhangzhou have been open to the public in recent years .
despite an atmosphere of calm in xiamen , gun covers for warships at military ports have been removed , indicating that naval vessels have been on the alert .
however , the source was unable to confirm whether the mainland will conduct massive military exercises . the night before last some 300 mainland fishing boats began approaching the open waters of dongsha . it was not until yesterday that some of them left .
beijing , 21 mar ( xinhua ) - - on 21 march , the cpc central committee sent a telegram to the lao people 's revolutionary party central committee warmly celebrating the 45 th anniversary of the founding of the lao people 's revolutionary party .
beijing , 21 march ( xinhua ) - - having enjoyed a high - rate growth for 15 years , china 's economic growth rate registered a successive fall year in and year out as of 1993 and the trend has grown more obvious over the past five years .
in an exclusive interview with this reporter , ma jiantang , director of comprehensive department of the state economic and trade commission , believed that the fall has been both inherent and natural .
third , the traditional mainstream consumer goods have relatively reached a saturation point .
if one of these three factors fails to be tackled , china 's economic growth rate is bound to fall .
over the next five to 10 years , china will still be in a readjustment period of digesting her surplus capacity and eradicating the backward .
before these two tasks are accomplished , china 's economy is expected to maintain a growth rate of about 7 percent and this is both inevitable and natural .
article 8 the relevant departments under the state council and the departments concerned under the local people 's governments must support and cooperate regarding the work of the board of supervisors , and provide information on situations and relevant data to the board of supervisors .
article 9 the board of supervisors should promptly write an examination report every time after the board concludes examination on an enterprise .
the board of supervisors should not disclose to the enterprise the contents of the examination report listed in the preceding article .
any members of the board of supervisors who have different opinions in principle on contents of the examination report should explain in the report .
the administration of the board of supervisors should strengthen its contact with the state economic and trade commission , ministry of finance , and other relevant departments .
article 12 the enterprise should hand over regularly to the board of supervisors financial reports that are strictly according to the facts , and report promptly situations of major operating management activities . the enterprise should not refuse to disclose information , conceal , or give false information .
article 14 the board of supervisors is composed of one chairman and several members .
the board of supervisors include full - time and part - time members : those chosen and appointed from relevant departments and units are the full - time members ; representatives from the relevant departments or units under the state council and workers ' representatives from the enterprise are the part - time members on the board of supervisors .
article 15 the candidates for the chairman of the board of supervisors should be decided in accordance with stipulated procedures , and the chairman is appointed by the state council .
the chairmanship is a full - time post and generally the chairman is under 60 years old .
the full - time members are appointed by the administration of the board of supervisors .
the workers ' representatives of the enterprise on the board of supervisors are democratically elected at the meeting of the workers ' representatives of the enterprise , and should be reported to the administration of the board of supervisors for approval .
article 16 the term of service for members on the board of supervisors is three years . the chairman and full - time and appointed members of the board of supervisors should not hold positions successively in an enterprise .
the chairman and full - time and appointed members on the board of supervisors can hold corresponding posts on the board of supervisors in up to three enterprises .
article 17 the chairman of the board of supervisors should have know well the policies , adhere to principles , be honest and exercise self - restraint , and be familiar with economic work .
article 21 the members of the board of supervisors should not accept any presents from the enterprise , or join banquets , entertainment activities , traveling , or visits arranged , organized , or paid by the enterprise . they should not seek personal gain for themselves , their relatives or friends , or others .
the chairman and full - time and appointed members of the board of the supervisors should not accept any payments or material benefits from the enterprise , or apply for reimbursement for any expenditures with the enterprise .
article 26 enterprises which find that members of the board of the supervisors violate articles 21 and 22 of these regulations have the rights to report to the administration of the board of supervisors , or may directly report to the state council .
article 27 for those state - owned enterprises to which the state council does not appoint the board of supervisors , the people 's governments in the provinces , autonomous regions , or municipalities should appoint the board of supervisors according to the stipulations of these regulations .
article 28 the board of supervisors at the key state - owned financial institutions appointed by the state council should implement duties in accordance with the " interim regulations on the board of supervisors at the key state - owned financial institutions . "
article 29 these regulations come into force upon promulgation .
the " regulations on supervision and management on property of state - owned enterprises " issued by the state council on 24 july 1994 are abolished at the same time .
on 4 january , the dprk established diplomatic relations with italy , one of the g-7 nations .
on 5 march , the dprk 's paramount leader , kim chong - il , was a guest at the chinese embassy .
on 18 march , dprk foreign minister paek nam - sun visited china .
talks on the normalization of dprk - japanese relations will begin in april .
meanwhile , the dprk has had frequent contacts with australia and some southeast asian nations and quickened the pace of engagement with western countries , including britain , france , and germany .
at the turn of the century , the dprk 's diplomacy has become increasingly active , and the new characteristics of its multilateral diplomacy have been even more evident .
in recent years , tensions on the korean peninsula have been eased gradually , thanks to the efforts of all the parties concerned .
for the past year , in particular , peace , reconciliation , and cooperation have been the new theme of the peninsula .
at the same time , the dprk and rok stepped up exchanges in the fields of economy and recreation and sports , yielding marked results .
under this situation , the dprk promptly readjusted its foreign policy and quickened the pace of active multilateral diplomacy , in which it has made encouraging progress .
the dprk 's pursuit of the multilateral foreign policy shows its wishes to improve relations with other countries , including the western nations , and is welcomed by the international community .
although tensions on the korean peninsula have been eased gradually , the dark clouds of the cold war have not completely vanished .
it is hoped that the dprk will actively push ahead with its multilateral diplomacy and make progress while constantly overcoming difficulties .
by key state - owned financial institutions , these regulations refer to policy banks , commercial banks , financial asset management companies , securities companies , and insurance companies that are owned by the state and to which the state council appoints boards of supervisors ( hereafter referred to as state - owned financial institutions ) .
the relationship between a board of supervisors and a state - owned financial institution is a relationship between one who supervises and one who is being supervised . a board of supervisors shall not participate in or interfere with operational policy - making or operational and management activities of a state - owned financial institution .
in general , a board of supervisors shall conduct inspection on a state - owned financial institution twice every year and may conduct ad hoc special inspection on a state - owned financial institution depending on actual requirements .
depending on supervision and inspection requirements , the chairman of a board of supervisors may attend or send other members of the board to attend meetings of the board of directors or other relevant meetings of a state - owned financial institution .
article 11 . after members of a board of supervisors have examined and verified the inspection report , and opinions of relevant departments have been sought on the report , the report shall be signed by the chairman of the board of supervisors and submitted to the state council through the administrative organization of boards of supervisors .
any disagreement in principle expressed by members of the board of supervisors on the report shall be explained in the report .
article 13 . a state - owned financial institution should submit truthful financial reports and fund operation reports to a board of supervisors regularly and report to the board major business activities and operational situations . a state - owned financial institution must not refuse to report information and must not hide information or report false information .
article 15 . a board of supervisors shall comprise a chairman and several supervisors .
article 16 . the chairman of a board of supervisors shall be decided according to stipulated procedure and appointed by the state council .
article 17 . the chairman of a board of supervisors should have a fairly high level of policy consciousness , have principles , honesty , and integrity , and is familiar with financial or economic work .
article 22 . members of a board of supervisors must keep an inspection report confidential and must not leak out commercial secrets of a state - owned financial institution .
article 23 . members of a board of supervisors who show outstanding performance in supervision and inspection work and have made important contributions in safeguarding state interests shall be given awards .
article 27 . these regulations shall come into effect on the day of their promulgation .
the interim provisions on board of supervisors of wholly state - owned commercial banks that were approved by the state council on 20 october 1997 and promulgated by the people 's bank of china on 12 november 1997 shall be annulled at the same time .
xu mingyang said : last year 's " three - stresses " education subjected tibet 's party - member leading cadres to a profound education on party spirit , party style , and party discipline , thus enhancing their awareness of party spirit and administrative honesty .
this new situation has brought new opportunities as well as new challenges to hong kong .
after china 's accession to the wto , will there be any more " shows " in which hong kong can play a part ?
how should hong kong create new advantages on the basis of solidifying the original advantages ?
while looking forward to the magnificent prospects , people are also conscientiously considering what they can do at present and in the future . [ end editor 's note ] the unique role the unique geographical advantage and historical background have enabled hong kong to become the most important gate for exchange and linkage between china and the world .
in the meantime , hong kong also became china mainland 's most stable source of foreign exchange .
a lot of merchants gather in hong kong , where there are more than 90,000 trading companies . over 1,000 multinational corporations set up their regional headquarters or regional offices in hong kong , which are exclusively responsible for the marketing business in the mainland markets .
last year , the total trade volume of hong kong with mainland exceeded 1 trillion hong kong dollars , accounting for approximately 40 percent of the total trade volume in hong kong .
according to the estimation of tsang yam kuen , financial secretary of the hong kong special administrative region (hksar) , after china 's accession to the wto , the hong kong - related export business will continue to grow and , compared with the present business volume , it will increase by 15 percent by the year 2010 .
after china accedes to the wto , its trade partners cannot unilaterally carry out discriminative measures , and this will help safeguard china 's even hong kong 's economic interests .
the hksar is exerting itself to intensify the link with the mainland in a bid to further create a business environment which will facilitate the economic and trade activities of the two sides .
for example , the geographical adjacency to the mainland , the same language , the similar culture , and the kindred feelings are the advantages of hong kong that no country or region can draw a parallel .
another example , the hong kong business sector has woven a gigantic commercial and trade network on the mainland over the past 20 - odd years , which is a very plentiful resource , and its familiarity with the mainland markets is another advantage with which others are too inferior to bear comparison .
such a metropolis with so many advantages collected in it is rare in the world .
not a metropolis in the world resembles hong kong , which is situated beside a huge market with a population of 1.2 billion , whose purchasing power may burst out like a volcano .
hong kong , being in this favorable position , will certainly take the precedence over others in gaining special benefits .
the brilliant prospects in which specific aspects can hong kong do something worthwhile ?
the hong kong businessmen must take the lead in promoting mainland 's exports so as to contribute to the trade development in hong kong .
along with the reduction of nontariff barrier measures , numerous hong kong - funded processing trade enterprises on the mainland will have a better environment for development , and their products can make access to the international markets with less impediment .
the state 's policies of encouraging investment in the interior regions and in the large - scale development of western and northern china will certainly bring about vast and prolonged flows of materials , which will provide a broader vista of development for the hong kong businessmen .
hong kong can also do something worthwhile in the field of service trade as well .
the beijing academic huang danhan is of the opinion that as hong kong businessmen have a more comprehensive and deeper understanding of the mainland than those from europe and the united states , they absolutely can seize hold of this juncture to open up new businesses .
the chinese side is willing to increase bilateral cooperation in the area of un affairs .
tang jiaxuan stressed : the taiwan issue is an internal affair of china .
taiwan recently held local elections .
we will judge taiwan 's new leader by his deeds , not just by his words .
we take these commitments seriously ; we take even more seriously practical actions taken by the us side to honor these commitments . we hope the united states fully recognizes the sensitivity and complexity of the current situation and act prudently on the taiwan issue .
differences between china and the united states on the human rights issue should be settled through dialogue on the basis of equality and mutual respect .
hong kong , 20 mar (zts) - - after the election , taiwan 's industrial , commercial , financial , and securities circles as well investors are very worried about taiwan 's future . consequently , taiwan 's financial markets fluctuated suddenly . on 20 march when the taiwan stock markets opened , stock prices plummeted .
at the end , they dropped over 200 points . the volume of foreign exchange transactions increased enormously . various futures with taiwan price indices successively plunged to the lower limit .
after the election , to stabilize taiwan 's financial and securities markets , taiwan 's " finance ministry " announced on 19 march that the daily limit for a share market slide would be reduced drastically : it would not be allowed to plunge more than 3.5 percent , instead of the original limit of 7 percent .
moreover , since taiwan investors are worried about the prospects of cross - strait ties , they will rush to sell off their shares .
influenced by a plunge of 200 - plus points on monday , taiwan 's stock market opened with a loss of 97 points . the stock index hit rock bottom when it fell more than 180 points to 8,355 .
beijing , 21 mar (zts) - - the residents ' consumer price index rose for the first time in february this year following the fall for 22 consecutive months . this shows that china has seen achievements in implementing the policy on expanding demand for consumption .
to ensure this good momentum , famous scholar wei jie maintained that china should stimulate demand for consumption primarily in line with the following six major measures which may change consumption demand . first , consumption tendency .
to stimulate the growth of consumption demand , we should accelerate the improvement of the social security system . to improve the social security system , we may completely take state credits as a foundation and accelerate the improvement of the social security system in the form of borrowing .
third , price policy .
consumption demand should be stimulated with price leverage .
in line with the status quo featured by continuous price declines and lacking of capability to boost consumption demand , we should appropriately raise prices and pay particular attention to preventing wanton price declines which may possibly arise through undue competition .
such a kind of wanton price declines not only sabotage the interests of the state but they are also not conducive to stimulating the demand for consumption . so , efforts should be made to prevent them .
china is currently faced with the upgrading of the consumption structure featured by three new items , such as private houses , private sedans , and personal modern communications facilities .
recently , the government has implemented a series of policies on readjusting the distribution of incomes . it should be said that such policies will be conducive to stimulating consumption . however , the income growth rate is not enough to stimulate the consumption of society as a whole .
therefore , under the conditions where the people 's expected expenditures are expanded , we need to further increase the people 's income levels . in particular , we should make full use of fiscal and monetary policies to increase the people 's income levels .
sixth , fiscal policy .
in consideration of china 's actual conditions , interest rates must not be reduced any more .
fully affirming the " port electronic law enforcement system , " comrade wu yi said : this is an innovative attempt to comprehensively manage import - export inspection and control and reform the port clearance management structure .
she highly praised the professional and technical experts participating in the development of the system and thanked them for their selfless utter devotion to the development of the system .
wu yi said : the rapid development of information technology and the emergence and swift popularity of the internet mark that a global information - based society has been taking shape gradually . the economy , society , and people 's life rely increasingly on modern information technology .
general secretary jiang zemin incisively pointed out : " none of the four modernizations is separable from informationization . "
we must understand , from this height of view and from the broad background and development trend of informationization and globalization , the importance and necessity of speeding the construction of the " golden customs project , " the informationization of port management in particular .
the development of information technology provides us with a powerful means to strengthen management while the accelerated construction of the " golden customs project , " the accelerated informationization of port management in particular , is also a vigorous implementation and direct embodiment of the state council 's decision on strengthening management .
2 ) forming a network among relevant departments is of crucial importance .
3 ) we must concentrate our energy on the development of applied projects , with the stress on the development , construction , and network formation of projects , such as processing trade management , import - export custom clearance management , quotas license management , and foreign exchange settlement and sale management .
the fundamental purpose of forming a network among relevant departments is to exchange and share information resources , plug up loopholes in management , and improve efficiency .
fourth , the " golden customs project " construction must ensure that relevant departments will handle official business openly , with one supervising and checking the other .
generally speaking , sino - us relations at the turn of the century are faced with good opportunities for development as well as grim challenges . the biggest challenge is the taiwan issue .
proper handling of this issue is of vital importance [ zhi guan zhong yao de ying xiang 5267 7070 6850 6008 4104 1758 0742 ] to the direction of development [ xiang he chu fa zhan 0686 0149 5710 4099 1455 ] of sino - us relations .
we take the view that the two sides of the taiwan strait can talk about anything under the premise of the one - china principle .
qian qichen said : peace and development continue to be the two main themes of this era .
beijing , 21 mar ( zxs ) - - chinese foreign ministry spokesman sun yuxi today briefed chinese and foreign reporters that a us special envoy would visit china soon and about the current china visit by ambassador holbrooke .
at today 's news conference held by the chinese foreign ministry , sun yuxi said : at the chinese government 's invitation , samuel berger , adviser to the us president for national security affairs , will visit china in the last few days of this month .
by then , chinese leaders will meet and exchange views with berger and his party on sino - us ties and issues of common concern .
he said : according to bilateral prior arrangements and at the chinese foreign ministry 's invitation , ambassador holbrooke , us permanent representative to the united nations , is visiting china and conducting consultations with china on un affairs .
beijing , 21 mar (zxs) - - china 's foreign ministry spokesman sun yuxi said here today that the chinese government requires the us side to only develop non - official relations [ min jian guan xi 3046 7035 7070 4762 ] with taiwan , and to halt the sale of advanced weapons to taiwan .
during today 's foreign ministry news conference , sun yuxi reiterated that in the world there is only one china , and taiwan is an inseparable part of chinese territory .
sun yuxi pointed out that the election for a leader of the taiwan region and its results cannot alter the aforementioned facts .
and the us government has made solemn international commitments with regard to the taiwan question .
he said that china advocates dialogue , not confrontation , in the international arena on the issue of human rights .
if some countries want to engage in confrontation at the human rights meeting in geneva , then china will take it on and fight to the end [ feng pei dao di 1144 7111 0451 1646 ] .
sun yuxi said china holds the view that the attempt by some countries to use the issue of human rights to interfere in china 's internal affairs is doomed to failure .
by handling the " falungong " issue according to law , the chinese government is indeed protecting chinese citizens ' basic human rights and freedom .
beijing , 21 mar (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman sun yuxi , commenting here today on dprk foreign minister paek nam - sun 's visit to china , said that the exchange of high - level visits between china and the dprk is conducive to the development of friendly relations between the two countries .
they said that they would continue to attach importance to developing the traditional friendship between their countries and would work for the constant development of relations between their countries .
on the exchange of high - level visits between china and the dprk , sun yuxi pointed out : china and the dprk have a tradition of exchanging high - level visits . the exchange of leadership visits is of great significance to the development of friendly and cooperative relations between the two countries .
zhu rongji said : mr president 's previous visit to china was in 1987 .
we express appreciation for mr president 's efforts for the development of sino - congolese relations over a long period .
when talking about reconstruction in the republic of congo , zhu rongji said : china is willing to offer assistance to the republic of congo within its capability , and will encourage and support chinese companies with capability to make investments in the republic of congo and thus carry out mutually beneficial cooperation .
our bilateral economic and trade cooperation gives full expression to the friendship between our two peoples .
president sassou spoke highly of the cooperation between his country and china in various fields and the achievements .
he said : the friendship between the two nations has lasted over a long period and stood the test of the time .
during my current visit , i saw with my own eyes the achievements made by china in economic development over more than 10 years , and believe that the visit will certainly further promote and enhance the existing friendly relationship between the two countries .
sassou stressed : there is only one china in the world . congo ( brazzaville ) will continue to maintain the one china principled position .
zhu rongji expressed gratitude and appreciation for the congolese government 's position of adhering to the one china principle , and emphatically pointed out : yesterday , president jiang zemin already solemnly states : " no matter who is in power in taiwan , we shall welcome him to hold talks on the mainland . "
" however , there must be a basis for dialogues and negotiations . that is , the one china principle must be first recognized . under this prerequisite , everything can be discussed . "
president sassou once again indicated that the congolese government will fully support china for the holding of " china and africa - - 2000 cooperation forum " in october this year . the forum will further open up new grounds for cooperation between africa and china .
li peng said : china and the republic of the congo enjoy a traditional friendship , despite the fact that they are located in two different continents .
li peng added : china appreciates and is grateful for president sassou - nguesso 's visiting china many times and attaching importance to developing relations with china , as well as the congo government 's insistence on the stance of one china and consolidated support for china on such international issues as human rights .
in january this year , we received with pleasure mr. justin koumba , president of the congolese national assembly and i held fruitful talks with him in this very hall .
li peng said : china will stay strictly faithful to the five principles of peaceful co - existence , especially the principle of non - interference in each other 's internal affairs .
china respects the independent choices of development patterns that fit the particular conditions of their states undertaken by the african peoples , including the people of the republic of the congo .
peace and stability are the prerequisites and basis of development , and we hope that the republic of the congo will make new progress in stabilizing its political situation and reviving its economy .
he said : i have made seven visits to china since 1964 , and i am deeply impressed by china 's development throughout these years .
my dialogues with president jiang , chairman li of the npc , and premier zhu during this visit have all proved completely successful , and i will return to my homeland with a satisfied heart .
we urge the us side to strictly observe the three sino - us joint communiques and honor the " three noes " commitment .
the us side should take concrete actions to uphold the one - china policy . only by doing so can sino - us relations avoid setbacks [ bo zhe 3134 2124 ] and experience improvement and development .
jiang zemin said : this year is a presidential election year in the united states . some people in the united states have tried to bring the politics of the us presidential election into sino - us relations in an effort to obstruct the improvement and development of sino - us relations .
defending china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and realizing the motherland 's complete reunification represents the common aspiration and sacred mission of all chinese people .
china 's accomplishment of the great cause of reunification not only represents the common aspiration of all chinese people and serves the chinese nation 's fundamental interests , but is also conducive to the healthy and stable development of sino - us relations .
jiang zemin said : we are closely following the developments on the island of taiwan .
i have openly stated that leaders on the two sides of the taiwan strait can hold talks , but the premise must be the one - china principle .
holbrooke conveyed president clinton 's regards to president jiang zemin , who , in turn , asked holbrooke to send his regards to president clinton .
holbrooke agreed that the united states and china should take a long - term and strategic view and establish a stable , mature , and cooperative bilateral relationship .
the us side is aware of the importance and sensitivity of the taiwan issue and will strictly observe the one - china principle , the three sino - us joint communiques , and the " three noes " commitment .
he pointed out : in the new century , the commission should take on a new face and discard all " cold war " practices ; and in particular , it should not bring a country 's domestic political struggle into its meetings , because doing so will obstruct its normal work and affect the cooperation among its members .
he emphasized : human rights are not the rights of a few countries nor the rights of the rich , but the rights of all people .
to realize the right to subsistence and the right to development is the basis for fully realizing other human rights .
he expressed his support for the suggestions made by some regions and countries on reducing the session to four weeks by reclustering and biennializing of agenda items , and on improving the efficiency of the commission .
geneva , 21 mar ( xinhua ) - - ambassador qiao zonghuai , chinese permanent representative to the united nations ' geneva office held a news briefing 21 march in geneva on the chinese government 's stand to ban the heretical cult organization of falungong .
qiao zonghuai pointed out : falungong is an out - and - out heretical cult . the series of lies and malicious fallacies concocted and spread by its founder , li hongzhi , have caused serious damage to our society .
falungong has seriously impaired social stability in china and brought intense sufferings to the victims ' families and relatives .
the chinese government 's action to ban falungong , he added , not only conforms to the stipulations contained in international human rights documents , but is also an action that any responsible government in the world would take when faced with a heretical cult .
after that , qiao zonghuai answered questions asked by participants .
as for those very few people who still persist in using the falungong issue to interfere in china 's internal affairs , he urged them to make a complete change .
he said that if someone uses the falungong issue as a pretext to lodge a draft resolution concerning china at the human rights conference and thus supports that heretical cult , he will certainly lose all his standing and reputation and come to a very disgraceful end .
apparently , this is directed at lee teng - hui who has delayed his resignation until september .
for four days in a row , large numbers of kmt members have demonstrated in front of the kmt headquarters , calling for lee to step down immediately . this will develop into a tide sweeping the whole of taiwan .
this is precisely a case in which a person resorting to trickery has been defeated by his own trickery . "
in the next few days , by holding rallies or jointly signing petitions , more and more kmt members will call for lee to step down to prevent the kmt from taking the road of " taiwan independence " again and to prevent taiwan from sliding toward the brink of war again .
as the " father of taiwan independence , " lee teng - hui has found himself under fire from all quarters and reached a dead end .
history will prove that those who betray and split the motherland are unpopular and are doomed to failure .
beijing , march 21 - - the dust over the elections in taiwan has settled , but the prospects of cross - strait relations remain unclear . which way the new taiwan leadership heads has a bearing on the well - being of the people of taiwan and the great cause of reunification .
this renowned military expert pointed out : apart from the road of reunification , the new taiwan leadership also has three roads before it , but these are roads that lead nowhere .
taiwan has been building up its troops in recent years in its efforts to prevent its recovery by force .
today , it has over 400,000 troops in addition to more than 400 combat aircraft and 300 - plus naval vessels .
however , the " hardware " of foreign weapons cannot make up for the drawbacks in the quality and morale of the taiwan troops .
should they really resort to force to resist reunification , they will be fighting an unjust war that goes against the tide of history .
even taiwan 's " defense minister " tang fei was shocked to find " military discipline so lax and neglected . "
in terms of military strategies , although the taiwan troops claimed that they had repeatedly examined and proved the feasibility of their present strategies of " tenacious defense and effective deterrence " and " anti - blockade , " international military experts are skeptical about these strategies .
the second impasse is to resist reunification by procrastination .
hu siyuan pointed out that procrastination would lead nowhere .
professor hu held that the third of these three " if 's " fully reflected the firm determination of the chinese government and people to oppose " taiwan independence , " eliminate foreign interference , thoroughly solve the taiwan issue , and ultimately fulfill the complete reunification of the motherland .
all chinese people understand that procrastination does not work , because it will be counterproductive to reunification , to the cross - strait economy and to the compatriots on both sides of the taiwan strait .
even before the ink of the chinese government 's white paper on " the one - china principle and the taiwan issue " had dried , taiwan concluded another arms deal with the united states , with the united states selling 162 air defense missiles and the corresponding radar equipment worth $ 260 million to taiwan .
investigations found that these were due to the poor quality of the plane engines . the taiwan authorities were infuriated over the quality of this batch of f-16 planes . it was even said that the f-16 planes sold by lockheed martin to taiwan were second - hand planes .
the performance of the e-2t early warning planes sold by the united states to taiwan is a whole generation behind the e-2c used by the united states itself and by countries like japan .
china is a big country with nuclear weapons . we have never compromised on important issues relating to the reunification of the motherland and territorial integrity , and are willing to make enormous national sacrifices .
on the other hand , the united states will be unwilling to pay too big a price for the independence of taiwan .
in fact , the united states has been pursuing an " indirect strategy " in asia , that is , striving to maintain a balance of forces in the asia - pacific region , in recent years .
the bitterness of the vietnam war has left a long aftertaste in the minds of the american people for many years . it will go against this strategy for the united states to get directly involved in another large - scale local war like the vietnam war. besides , the loss will outweigh any possible gain .
lastly , professor hu noted that for the new leaders of taiwan , these three impasses would get them nowhere . which way should they go ?
the cross - strait situation is filled with the atmosphere of unrest .
what direction will cross - strait relations follow totally depends on the attitude of taiwan 's new leader towards the one china principle .
it is estimated that beijing will focus attention on chen shui - bian 's inauguration speech delivered on 20 may. this is an opportunity for chen shui - bian 's new government to show its sincerity in improving cross - strait ties .
" however , there has to be a basis for cross - strait dialogues and negotiations , that is , the one china principle should first be recognized . under this prerequisite , everything can be discussed . "
this is our bottom line .
our consistent principle on the settlement of the taiwan question has been " peaceful reunification " and " one country , two systems . "
we will never allow any form of " independence " in taiwan and will never hold talks with political parties and figures that advocate taiwan " independence . "
the position of the mainland is very clear .
by sticking to the one china principle , it means that although the two sides are not yet reunified , they recognize that there is only one china and china 's territory and sovereignty cannot be cut apart .
regarding the meaning of " one china , " the two sides may carry out dialogue and exchange views . when they cannot reach common understanding , they can seek common ground while reserving differences . but the two sides should have a common commitment to the one china principle .
if chen shui - bian intends to open the door to cross - strait dialogue , there is only one way : other than recognizing the one china principle , there is no other way out .
sticking to " taiwan independence " will mean war across the strait .
china 's attitude of never tolerating , never accommodating , and never sitting idly by in any attempt to split the country has punctured the arrogance of " taiwan independence , " ensured peace across the taiwan straits , and safeguarded state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
the military 's literary and artistic workers must clearly understand the situation and shoulder their own historical mission . they must create more and better works worthy of the requirements of the times and make new contributions to the modernization construction of the country and the military .
for the military 's literary and artistic workers to shoulder their historical mission , the key lies in whether they can deeply understand and precisely grasp the nature of the great times in which we live .
from military skill training , war exercises , preparation for war and on - duty watch to emergency , difficult , dangerous and arduous tasks such as rushing to deal with an emergency and relieving disasters , soldiers have the most shining and lofty characteristics in our times .
recently , president jiang again emphasized and pointed out that marxism must have a leading position in the field of ideology .
in the past more than half a century , remarkable and glorious achievements were created in the military 's work in the literary and artistic field .
well - known writers , artists and their famous works from the military are innumerable and , among these famous works , many are worthy of being called classical works which can be handed down to posterity . the military 's work in the literary and artistic field is facing a new century .
the " mutual - support " ( civilians support military personnel and give preferential treatment to military dependents while the military supports the government and loves the people ) variety show held at this year 's spring festival , " spring of the century , " was like a spring songbird , making the first resoundingly loud call .
the success of this variety show again gave us enlightenment that the life of culture lies in creation and the road of development of culture is , in fact , a road of continuously blazing new trails .
so , under new historical conditions , we must implement the thought of " weeding through the old to bring forth the new " in order to further develop the military 's literature and art and make it more prosperous .
whether or not we can create more , newer and higher - level excellent works is an important mark of whether or not the military 's literature and art are prosperous .
in this aspect , we did well in the past and have accumulated rich experience in creativity .
however , we should also see that traditional performances and works which enjoy great popularity can only prove and represent our past . the new times provide us with new lives and raise new and higher requirements on our creativity .
to weed through the old to bring forth the new , we must strive to offer opportunities to new people .
the military 's literature and art have a huge and consistent influence on society . this is directly related to the fact that the military has groups after groups of writers and artists who are quite popular and that new writers and artists are springing up .
so focusing on and doing well the cultivation of talented literary and artistic people is , from beginning to end , a fundamental task in the military 's work in the literary and artistic field .
take the military 's performing arts as an example . we must have old and famous actors and actresses . at the same time , new actors and actresses must continuously spring up . only in this way can we have successors to our current performing artists and can the performing arts become prosperous .
if , in the past , only old and famous actors and actresses were performing on stage , it would be difficult for today 's famous actors and actresses to emerge and become famous .
similarly , if today 's new and promising actors and actresses with potential cannot find opportunities to exercise or display themselves , it would be difficult for them to spring up , become outstanding successors of the military 's rank of actors and actresses and truly become pillars of the military 's work in the literary and artistic field .
if things go on like this for a long time , there would be a lack of , or even no , successors in our rank of actors and actresses .
so continuously giving opportunities to new performers is both the requirement for the cause of literature and art and the requirement of the times .
leaders at all levels must both take care to give full play to the effects of old and famous actors and actresses and create conditions for the growth and progress of new actors and actresses .
facing the coming new century , how can the military 's literature and art be accepted by society , go out to foreign countries and develop into the future with its own unique aesthetic form ? this is a new task faced by each of our military workers in the literary and artistic field .
the key to completing this task lies in focusing on creativity .
so , improving the quality of creative works and offering a larger quantity of excellent works involving producers ' great efforts is the most important task among important tasks of the military 's literary and artistic work in the future period .
we can find it true through the success of the 2000 mutual - support ( civilians support military personnel and give preferential treatment to military dependents , the military supports the government and loves the people ) variety show , " spring of the century . "
the fact proves that the success of performances on stage relies on focusing on creativity . it is the same that we must also focus on creativity in other artistic fields if we want to make achievements .
focusing on creativity is the basis of the prosperity of the military 's literature and art and the key for producing excellent works .
the fundamental issue of creativity is the issue of going deep into the lives of the rank and file .
the production of excellent artistic works requires creators long - term accumulation of life experiences and solid artistic skills .
needless to say , some of our military 's literary and artistic workers are not doing very well in this aspect .
some of them are affected by their material desires , are impetuous , are eager for quick success and instant benefit and lack enthusiasm for going deep into the lives of rank and file . a few of them do not even want to become close to or understand the lives of the rank and file .
if he takes out his feet and puts them into the same river again , the water his feet touch is different from the water his feet touched last time . "
the life of art lies in blazing new trails . the key for improving the quality of art and producing more excellent works also lies in blazing new trails .
only by doing these can we provide a new aesthetic sense for the broad number of rank and file .
art is eternal , while artistic form is a production of the times .
the experience proves that many excellent literary and artistic works were initially produced by amateur producers .
at the same time , we must deal well with the relationship between literary and artistic workers and their leaders .
particularly , leaders must pay attention to the field of politics in literary and artistic works . leaders must give their opinions and suggestions about art to literary and artistic workers . leaders must let literary and artistic workers create works and give full play to their abilities while associating their works with reality .
in addition , strengthening the construction of ranks of literary and artistic workers and striving to look for more and high - quality literary and artistic workers is also another important assurance for improving the quality of creative works and offering more excellent works .
we can foresee that a new peak period will unquestionably appear in china 's military literature and art in the 21 st century .
however , this does not mean that the " three stresses " education has ended .
the issue of systems is fundamental and related to the general situation and stability . an important reason for how real effects were achieved in the group study of the " three stresses " education is that , under the basis of stimulating self - motivation , the party formulated some regulated procedures and specific requirements .
to persist in the regularization of " three stresses " education , we must also strive to carry forth the spirit of exploration .
blazing new trails is the soul of development of a country , an ethnic group and a political party .
we believe that , if we persist in the regularization of the " three stresses " education , we can unquestionably promote new progress in the construction of party committee groups and leading cadre ranks and push our military to make greater achievements in its construction and reform .
on 2 october last year and 18 january this year , the us military conducted two tests of missile intercepting technology under the nmd program . the first test was successful , but the second test ended in failure .
according to an officer of the defense department , a leak in the interceptor weapon occurred , in a metal tube that transfers nitrogen gas , and caused failure in finding the target during the second test .
the us department of defense plans to make a report on the feasibility of missile intercepting technology to president bill clinton in june this year , so that the president can make a decision on whether to deploy the nmd system .
open to the domestic sectors before opening to the outside world reporter : as china is about to enter the wto and the door will soon open wide , how will mainland china meet this situation ?
not only the telecommunication domain , but other domains should also be treated in this way . the national treatment should be granted to the domestic sectors before granting it to foreign businessmen .
in the investment domain , the domestic nongovernmental investors should be allowed access to all areas that are opened to foreign investors .
i am prudently optimistic about the mainland 's economic situation .
according to the mainland 's situation at present , it is impossible that the financial crisis will break out as it did in other developing countries . there are three reasons for this proposition : first , the mainland is now in a period of sufficient material reserves .
third , all the financial crises in the developing countries are related to the unstable political situation .
when the political situation is not stable , the ordinary people cannot set their minds at ease , then they will rush to buy goods and withdraw their deposits from the banks , which will even lead to the outflow of funds and other conditions .
moreover , what is to be done if the newly formed government will not recognize the originally issued treasury bonds ?
li : the economic operation in mainland china is relatively stable , but there is no significant improvement . why ?
to let the markets really operate steadily , the nongovernmental investment must be mobilized .
wto entry is good for china ; for hong kong , it goes without saying that the advantages outweigh the disadvantages .
third , hong kong will play a greater role as an international financial center , because mainland enterprises will need financing and its financial institutions will have to intensify cooperation with the international community as a result of china 's wto entry .
hong kong financial circles look favorably on this aspect .
li : educational industrialization is not equal to educational commercialization , nor is it equal to turning educational institutions into enterprises .
of course , educational commercialization is wrong .
how can civilian - run schools be set up ?
they cannot be set up by using reserve funds , because with commodity prices falling , there will not be enough reserve funds , and the interest earned thereby is very limited .
when the situation changes , it is very difficult to fulfill the original commitments . people who donate money to set up schools are , after all , very few , so most of the schools are set up by raising funds among the masses .
in zhejiang , some localities run schools by applying the shareholding system . will it work ?
li : i should like to talk on the following three issues : first , where will the funds for the western development come from ?
preferential policies should not be granted to foreign businessmen alone , and the prices offered to foreign businessmen should also be offered to domestic businessmen , whom the western development mainly relies upon .
fourth , china securities regulatory commission has announced some new measures , broadening the financing channels of securities firms . this year , the stock markets will be steady with a slight advance , and a favorable development of the stock markets is beneficial to the state enterprise reform , too .
li : a little profit is better than none , anyway . in this sense , i am optimistic about the soe problems .
however , i certainly do not feel very satisfied with the soe reform .
only 90 - odd billion yuan were earned from assets that exceed several trillion yuan . the profit rate is too low ; what is more , the state has paid a very high price for it by , for example , lowering interest rates , so that enterprises were able to pay much less money as interest .
under these circumstances , they just earned 90 - odd billion yuan .
if you slow down the structural changes and the soes still suffer losses like that , their debts will be increasingly accumulated .
the issue of changing structures should be put in a more important position now .
the peasant issue is a big problem reporter : domestic demands is insufficient . where is the root of the problem ? li : the rural population accounts for 70 percent of the total population in mainland china , yet its purchasing power only accounts for 35 percent .
how to increase peasants ' incomes ?
today , people like to eat rice of better quality , as ordinary rice is to be eaten during difficult times . what is the use of storing this stuff in the barns ?
who eats sour apples now ?
science and technology go down to the rural areas to help popularize agricultural technologies , financial departments go there to help peasants readjust their product mix , and companies make contracts with peasants in the form of placing orders .
the peasants should get information from the markets , but they live in the villages , so how can they have time to go to the markets every day to see what they should grow ? it is necessary to vigorously cultivate brokers for agricultural products , which is what we call companies plus peasant households .
peasants are responsible for production , while brokers are responsible for marketing . no quota should be fixed for debt - to - equity swaps reporter : to rid soes of their difficulties , the method of debt - to - equity swaps seems to receive both praise and censure . what do you think about it ?
some enterprises are bearing very heavy debt burdens , and once they discharge their debts , they can immediately go forward without any burdens to make profits , which is a very good way for enterprises to rid themselves of their difficulties .
the problem of debt - to - equity swap needs to be resolved ceaselessly .
the internet version will carry mainly party and state leaders ' articles , editorials , commentator 's articles , and important theoretical articles published in the current issue of " qiushi 's " hardcopy version . articles carried in the internet version will be relatively theoretical , instructive , and authoritative .
as the journal " qiushi " gradually upgrades its internet version , it is preparing to successively carry service items , including " information files on special theoretical topics " on the internet so as to provide better services for the reader .
the website has been linked with the homepages of newspapers including renmin ribao and guangming ribao .
howard said that since the establishment of the diplomatic relations between australia and china , australia has only maintained the unofficial economic and trade relations with taiwan .
zeng qinghong appreciated australia 's adherence to the one - china policy and its support for china 's great cause of reunification .
he hoped that the australian government will continue to adhere to the one - china policy and oppose " taiwan independence . "
he pointed out that this will be conducive to the peaceful resolution of the taiwan question and the peace and stability of the taiwan strait , the asia - pacific region , and even the whole world .
the australian government has paid full attention to its relations with china and will further push forward the development of the overall cooperation ties between the two countries .
on the same day , zeng qinghong also met with mark vaile , australia 's acting foreign minister and trade minister ; and kim beazley , leader of the labor party .
zeng qinghong and his party began their visit to australia from 21 march at the invitation of the australian government .
hong kong 22 mar (zxs) - - news from taipei : five university professors in central taiwan held a news conference in taichung today to issue a joint statement urging lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] to step down immediately .
their common appeal was for lee teng - hui 's immediate resignation [ from the kmt chairmanship ] .
reports say that professor sun jo - yi [ sun ruoyi ] from national chungshing university , professor chiang an - kuo [ jiang anguo ] from feng chia university , and professor kuo ta - ming [ guo daming ] from chao yang science and technology university agreed with professor hsieh yu - sheng 's statement .
in mid - june , nato and the fry signed a cease - fire agreement and an international peacekeeping force of 37,000 troops entered kosovo under the un banner .
however , after one year , the peacekeeping troops have not brought peace and security to the people in kosovo .
according to the latest statistics of the fry , 4,354 terrorist incidents have occurred in kosovo since june , 910 innocent civilians lost their lives , more than 800 people were wounded , 821 people were kidnapped , some 360,000 non - albanian residents were forced to leave their homes , and more than 50,000 houses were destroyed .
un secretary - general kofi annan in a recent report noted that the " security situation is seriously deteriorating " in kosovo and " if the situation continues , it will seriously undermine the united nations ' peace efforts " and that the un peacekeeping efforts in kosovo is facing an " unprecedented challenge . "
un special envoy in the fry ( dinstbil ) even more straightforwardly said that " the peacekeeping action has ended in failure " and that " it is in a tight corner and we must find another way . "
moreover , the un delegation and international peacekeeping force have adopted a series of measures to seriously infringe upon the sovereignty of the fry in violation of the unsc resolution .
regarding the albanian extremists ' wanton and violent activities , the international peacekeeping force just folds its arms and looks on under the pretext of a lack of funds and not being in charge of public security .
after the ending of the war in kosovo , the strength of albanian hard - liners quickly expanded .
the deterioration of the kosovo situation has another reason .
meanwhile , due to nato 's partiality to the albanians , relations between the serbs and peacekeeping troops have become increasingly tense and the situation in kosovo has become even more complicated and confusing .
the two sides held friendly talks [ you hao jiao tan 0645 1170 0074 6151 ] .
the chinese government has always worked for a peaceful resolution of the taiwan issue . however , peaceful reunification is predicated upon the one - china principle .
we will never allow any form of " taiwan independence . "
zeng qinghong said : we appreciate australia 's adherence to the one - china principle and support for china 's great cause of reunification .
he expressed the hope that the australian government would continue to adhere to the one - china principle and oppose " taiwan independence . "
he maintained that this is conducive to the peaceful resolution of the taiwan issue , and peace and stability in the taiwan strait , the asia - pacific region , and even the world at large .
in reply , howard said that the australian government would not change the one - china policy that it had always upheld .
today , zeng qinghong also met australia 's acting foreign minister and trade minister mark vaile and labor party leader kim beazley .
accompanying zeng qinghong on his trip are li chengren , deputy director of the cpc central committee international liaison department , and zhang bailin , deputy director of the cpc central committee organization department .
since ancient times , taiwan has been a part of china 's territory , and its social development has all along carried on the chinese culture .
we are waiting to see how the new leader of the taiwan region will act .
yang guoqing said : taiwan compatriots living on the mainland are paying close attention to the recent situation in taiwan .
he said that president jiang 's remark is entirely reasonable , for it not only shows a firm determination to safeguard the integrity of our national territory and sovereignty , but also manifests absolute sincerity , adding that it is bound to be endorsed and supported by the chinese people at large .
tokyo , 22 mar (zxs) - - the result of the " election " in the taiwan region and the future development of relations between the two sides of the taiwan strait have aroused great attention among overseas chinese and people of chinese descent in japan .
chen jian , chinese ambassador to japan , attended the forum and made a speech .
the " two - state theory " advocated by lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] , he continued , has done radical harm to the kmt rule , and the majority of the taiwan people have not changed their stance of aspiring for stability and not supporting " taiwan independence . "
chen jian expressed the hope that the chinese compatriots residing in japan would continue to make contributions to the basic interests of the motherland and the chinese nation .
they said that to have an integrated china is a common aspiration of the chinese at home and residing abroad , adding that all overseas chinese , including taiwan compatriots in japan , will unite as one to energetically promote the early reunification of the motherland .
fuzhou will open about 320 projects in fields such as agriculture , industry , science and technology , tourism , real estate , commerce , and trade , to foreign investment this year , which require a total investment of $ 10.5 billion .
an hour later , the train went on its way south , arriving safely in guangzhou at noon today .
at 0550 today , the train pulled into pingshi station , and the nine wounded passengers were rushed to the hospital .
the cause of the blast is still under investigation .
shanghai , 22 mar ( xinhua ) - - " moving the spark westward " has been regarded as an important principle of the spark program for the 10 th five - year plan period in our country .
according to a national meeting of spark office directors held in shanghai today , tilting the center of the spark planning and development program westward is of positive significance to promoting the great program of developing the western region .
yan anlin , deputy director of the shanghai institute of taiwan studies , said , because currently a foundation of mutual trust has not been built between the two sides , he did not see the possibility of a visit by wang daohan to taiwan .
he said : the beijing authorities have very clearly expressed their stand on chen shui - bian 's being elected , that is , to judge him not only by his words , but also by his deeds , and to see what he will do .
the most important thing between the two sides is mutual trust . the reason why wang daohan was unable to visit taiwan last fall as scheduled was that lee teng - hui put forward the " two states theory " in july last year .
it is still a question whether chen shui - bian 's invitation is a trial balloon or he is sincere .
new york , 21 mar (zxs) - - chinese political commentator fang yan in the united states today issued an article , entitled : " is one china a topic or a principle ? "
the article points out : the meaning of the " one china " principle is different from that of the " one china " topic . maintaining state territorial and sovereign integrity and unification is a fundamental principle which we should not discuss , consult , negotiate , compromise or make concession .
after being elected , chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] said that he would not accept the " one - china " principle , but would take " one - china " as a topic and place it in the content of the cross - strait discussion .
as an overseas chinese , i welcome the cross - strait dialogue and talks .
the article points out : it seems that " principle " and " topic " are just two different words , but the meaning is absolutely different .
however , we cannot discuss , consult , negotiate or even compromise or make concession to the non - fundamental principle .
so the chinese people has a bloody historical experience that they can accept and conduct all kinds of negotiations with foreign countries but they would not and cannot accept any negotiation aimed at ceding china 's territory and sovereignty .
the article points out : people may say that china has conducted talks on boundary with many neighboring countries and signed border treaties with them , but ask how can it say that the question on territory cannot be negotiated ?
there was no formal negotiations or signing of treaties between both sides while delimiting the state boundary line . after the founding of the people 's republic of china , in order to establish friendly relations with the neighboring countries , china successively conducted talks on boundary demarcation and signed boundary treaties .
why is this " president " - elect suffering from " hong kong phobia ? is hong kong that horrible and terrible ? naturally , chen shui - bian is not afraid of hong kong .
he also does not hate hong kong people . his statement actually refers to the " one country , two systems " formula .
the " one country , two systems " formula implemented in taiwan in the future definitely will go beyond people 's understanding and imagination .
how to make this grand blueprint more picturesque and beautiful depends on the talent and political wisdom of the large numbers of taiwan compatriots and all the chinese people .
all this is inseparable from the vigorous support of the central government , the administration of the special administrative region [ sar ] government led by tung chee - hwa , and the concerted efforts of all hong kong people .
the international community and leaders of all countries have spoken highly of this . they hold that the " one country , two systems " formula is feasible .
recognizing the " one china " principle and accepting the " one country , two systems " formula will be a fundamental issue that chen shui - bian cannot evade .
to save the kmt , it is imperative to uproot the " taiwan independence " forces led by lee teng - hui and the gang - related and money - oriented forces .
he also disclosed that he would visit the united states , japan , and singapore .
however , from these performances , one can see that chen shui - bian was eager to pursue " visit - based diplomacy " and " pragmatic diplomacy " and put lee teng - hui 's " two states theory " into effect .
however , he wanted to negotiate with beijing . his thinking is to ask beijing to abandon the one - china principle and allow taiwan to pursue " a state on each side of the strait . " this is a very fantastic idea . taiwan has always been part of china and china 's sacred territory .
it is wishful thinking for chen shui - bian to accomplish what the americans failed to do .
the observation period will not be a long one and beijing has already had a set of countermeasures .
chen shui - bian is aware that without the kmt superiority of being " a monopoly party , " he will have quite limited political capital .
at the same time , taiwan compatriots urged him to abandon the " taiwan independence " stand at an early date , relax the tense cross - strait relations , and speed up the cross - strait economic and trade contacts . pinned down by the situation , chen shui - bian has very limited room for political maneuvers .
he has only one way out , that is , publicly announcing his recognition of the one - china principle .
if chen shui - bian refuses to abandon them , our persistent policy is " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems " as premier zhu rongji reiterated the day before yesterday .
we shall absolutely not allow any form of taiwan " independence " and absolutely not have negotiations with political parties and individuals favoring taiwan independence .
if chen shui - bian refuses to abandon the lee teng - hui line and still wants to play the role of joshua , he will not be accepted by beijing , and thus he will surely aggravate the already tense cross - strait relations and even lead them to war .
" alabama " captain semmes was born in maryland . he once served in the us navy and as a lieutenant colonel .
in the civil war , he resigned from his post and threw in his lot with the rebel force in the south .
" alabama " was a small , powerful warship .
on its way back to the atlantic , its crew looted all the northern merchant ships it met and even destroyed them when nothing could be looted . the warship became the most hated pirate ship among the northern people .
on 11 june 1864 , when sailing to cherbourg , france , for repairs , the " alabama " was discovered by northern warships which had been waiting there a long time .
on 19 june , the " alabama " fiercely fought the north 's warship " kearsarge on the open waters off cherbourg .
britain continued to secretly build warships and other weaponry for the south .
in this period , us envoy to britain yadangsi [ name as transliterated ] lodged several protests to the british government , and the britain government had no response .
in july 1862 , britain 's liwupulaideer [ name as transliterated ] company built two ironclad ships and planned to send them to the south .
on behalf of the us government , yadangsi once again warned the british government , indicating that what britain did interfered in the internal affairs of the united states and sabotaged the unification of the south and the north .
he solemnly pointed out that as for the united states , britain 's continuous efforts to build ships for the south " meant war . "
the us government strongly condemned the british government 's unfriendly moves to support the split during the us civil war .
the us government said that such unfriendly moves had brought great losses to the united states . therefore , the us government resolutely asked the british government to give compensation .
charles sumner , who was then acting as the chairman of the us foreign relations committee , pointed out that britain 's support for the rebel forces in the south doubled the length of the civil war .
so britain must compensate the united states for the losses caused by britain .
in march 1871 , the united states and britain officially agreed to establish a compensation committee and began their negotiations on compensations for the " alabama . "
this was the famous " alabama " compensation case in the history of the united states .
since the establishment of diplomatic ties with the prc , the united states has never stopped the sales of arms and equipment to china 's taiwan . the weapons and equipment sold to taiwan in the past few years were even high in quality and large in amounts .
in reality , during china 's civil war in the early 1940 s , the united states sold guns and cannons to china , in an effort to help the chiang 's dynasty engage in the civil war . countless chinese were cruelly killed by us - made guns and cannons .
[ ou chan ] since the beginning of reform and opening up , the role of foreign trade and economic cooperation in the national economic and social development of our country has been remarkable .
we can see from the successful practice in opening up and developing the coastal areas in the eastern region that opening up wider to the outside world and making great efforts to develop foreign trade and economic cooperation are important propelling forces for the economic development of the coastal areas , and the country as a whole .
however , we can see that the western region also has many advantages in developing foreign trade and economic cooperation .
for example , yunnan is rich in biological resources . sichuan 's processing industries are relatively more developed . shaanxi 's high - tech industries have developed to a considerable scale . xinjiang 's oil and cotton have initially become its advantages .
second , it is necessary to make use of the advantage of location and make great efforts to develop border trade .
it is necessary to build passageways linking the western region with neighboring countries for transportation ; seriously implement various preferential policies for border trade ; and encourage the western region to make great efforts to develop border trade and carry out economic and technical cooperation with neighboring countries .
third , it is necessary to pay attention to nurturing and developing new growth points of foreign trade and economic cooperation , and give play to the role of potential advantages .
what are the state policies and measures in the respect ? [ shi guangsheng ] opening up wider to the outside world is an important part of the strategy for developing the western region .
third , all projects in the central and western regions with investment by foreign - invested enterprises enjoy similar treatment to foreign - invested enterprises if the portion of foreign investment exceeds 25 percent .
fourth , approved experimental projects for opening up can , in principle , be carried out at the same time in the eastern , central and western regions .
fifth , foreign - invested enterprises in the coastal areas are allowed to contract the management and operation of foreign - invested enterprises and domestic - invested enterprises in the central and western regions .
the first category is the basic telecommunication , including the fixed telecommunication , the mobile telecommunication , and the satellite telecommunication .
only state - owned and state - owned holding enterprises will be allowed to manage this category , and foreign investors and domestic private enterprises will be allowed to buy shares but not control the shares .
the second category is the telecommunications value - added business , including the internet business and its related services .
if everything goes smoothly , these regulations will be published within the first half of this year .
therefore , it has attracted extra attention whether the new regulations will fix the ceiling of the foreign - owned shares at 50 percent .
now , the number of internet users in china has exceeded 10 million , and this number will develop at an even faster speed .
fuerth said that , at present , there is still " sufficient time " to obtain the information necessary for clinton to make the decision .
observers here pointed out that while the united states is doing research and development on the nmd system , it is also speeding up its development of the " theater missile defense " system .
the kosovo crisis was a bad thing , but it also taught the world many principles .
regardless of the perspective from which we talk about the matter , the chinese people have reason to treat the crisis seriously and to think deeper and further about it .
it has been a full year today since the us - led nato launched a brutal airstrike on the federal republic of yugoslavia [ fry ] .
in connection with the development of events in the past year , there is a great necessity for us to reexamine the unprecedented , big debates conducted in china 's intellectual circle and media after the kosovo crisis ; to forecast future complicated trends in europe and global politics ; and more comprehensively and accurately assess the crisis .
as a cold war military alliance , nato not only has not disappeared along with the cold war , but would expand its sphere of influence , and has driven a wedge deep into the balkan region .
this is the meaning of the " new concept " or " new strategy " established by nato half a century after its founding .
the most obvious reality at present is that under the biased mediation of nato 's kosovo forces , local racial segregation and hostilities have constantly intensified and have been difficult to clear up .
several major events that took a turn for the worse in the international arms region in the past year unfortunately fulfilled this prediction , and made people of all countries in the world who love peace especially worried .
in this sense , nato airstrikes on the fry symbolize the vicious swelling of unipolar hegemonism after the cold war , and the restart of a new large - scale arms race .
a disputable and yet unverified major issue is the limits and timetable of nato 's expansion .
right now , people still cannot estimate the time , place , and method of nato 's next expansion .
the third outstanding issue that requires long - term study and discussion is criticism on the contemporary international system that has been triggered by the kosovo crisis .
however , when we analyze the situation from many aspects , the united nations ' future is not so simple , and the un security council 's moral authority has an irreplaceable role .
since recently , there has been an inclination inside the united nations to intensify interventions by this international organization , and reconsider and formulate a guiding principle for international interventions under un guidance .
in the final analysis , the international guarantee for state sovereignty cannot be divorced from unity and progress inside a nation .
the fry and some developing nations that have been seriously endangered by " neo - interventionism " have learned profound lessons in this respect .
- - the " three represents " put forth by comrade jiang zemin is an interrelated and mutually integrated organic whole , which has comprehensively and wholly revealed the dialectical relations between grasping well the building of the party and maintaining the advanced nature of the party and handling well things in china .
it is proven by history that the key to handling well things in china lies in maintaining and carrying forward the advanced nature of our party .
on the basis of summing up historical experiences and proceeding from the height of historical materialism , comrade jiang zemin has explicitly put forth that the party should always be the " three represents , " which is a new , comprehensive , and complete epitome of the advanced nature of the party .
this should be of important theoretical and practical significance to our party under the new historical conditions in further strengthening self building , always maintaining advanced nature , leading the people of the whole country in waging concerted struggles , pushing forward reform and opening up and modernization building , and realizing the magnificent transcentury objectives .
' three represents ' comprehensively embodies advanced nature of party [ subhead ] the advanced nature of our party is determined by our party being the vanguard of the working class and formed over long - term struggles and trials .
in " the communist manifesto , " marx and engels expounded in a deepgoing way the advanced nature of communists in revolutionary movements : " communists should strive for the nearest aims and interests of the working class but they also represent the movement future in the current movement . "
the elder - generation proletarian revolutionaries represented by mao zedong and deng xiaoping always attached importance to maintaining and displaying the advanced nature of our party in the practice of revolution and construction .
as vanguard of china 's working class , it has always represented since its birth the development needs of advanced social productive forces in china .
second , it led the people through long - term exploration and practice to have found a road of emancipating and developing social productive forces suitable for china 's national conditions , namely a road of building socialism with chinese characteristics .
and the core of building socialism with chinese characteristics is emancipating and developing social productive forces .
during the early days of its founding , the party 's publications started discussing cultural issues .
along with the further deepening of our party 's understanding about the building of socialist culture , in 1997 comrade jiang zemin made some systematic expositions in the report of the 15 th party congress on the basic objectives and policies regarding the building of socialist culture with chinese characteristics .
recently , during his inspection tour in guangdong , comrade jiang zemin also further integrated the building of the party with the building of socialist culture with chinese characteristics and expounded in a deepgoing way the important significance of our party always representing the forward direction of advanced culture .
our party not only represents the development needs of advanced social productive forces and the forward direction of advanced culture in china but also faithfully represents the fundamental interests of the broadest masses of people in china .
mao zedong very explicitly pointed out that communists were " to maintain the closest links with the broadest masses of the people .
serving the people wholeheartedly is the fundamental aim of the party .
since the founding of new china , under the leadership of the party , the people has thoroughly changed the backward state of falling to pieces and being economically poor and culturally blank in old china .
the " three represents " embodies the dialectic unity between carrying forward excellent traditions and making constant developments and renovations in party building .
that comrade jiang zemin asks our party to always become the " three represents " is asking us to carry forward the excellent traditions of the party , always maintain the true color of the party , and bring them to a greater height of development .
during the war years , as the " three represents " our party spearheaded the struggles directly against the " three mountains , " with the aim of thoroughly smashing those shackles restricting the development of china 's advanced social productive forces and advance culture and totally liberating the chinese people from oppression and enslavement .
after winning the revolutionary victory , in order to adapt itself to new situations , the party has been leading the people in conducting large - scale economic , political , and cultural buildings .
since the third plenary session of the 11 th cpc central committee , the party has even more made constantly meeting the growing material and cultural needs of the masses of people as its conscious actions . through waging arduous struggles and making unremitting advancements , it has attained achievements of world interests .
the " three represents " embodies the dialectic unity between remolding the objective world and the subjective world in party building .
productive forces determine productions relations and economic bases determine superstructure .
however , while liberating and developing social productive forces , we must also handle numerous issues about production relations and superstructures , especially those issues in the ideological and cultural realms and must let the building of material civilization and the building of spiritual civilization coordinately develop .
an advanced political party represents not only the development needs of advanced social productive forces but also the forward direction of advanced culture .
whether possessing and representing the forward direction of advanced culture also determines the appeal and vitality of a political party .
only by possessing and representing an advanced culture can we provide spiritual motive and intellectual support for the building of material civilization .
therefore , in order to represent the forward direction of advanced culture and direct the development process of the spiritual civilization building , our party must make all the communist party members , especially those party - member leading cadres , take the lead in remolding the subjective world .
while remolding the objective world , efforts should be made to remold the subjective world . dialectically unifying the " two remoldings " is an important link in grasping well the party building during the new era and maintaining the advanced and representative natures of the party .
the " three represents " embodies the dialectic unity between maintaining the advanced nature of ourselves and keeping the extensiveness of our contacts with the masses in party building .
the advanced nature and representativeness of our party take roots in her class nature and the extensiveness of her links with the masses .
the masses of people are the creator of history .
therefore , at any time , as long as our party truly transforms those undertakings she represents into conscious actions of millions of people , can it truly become powerful and vitalized and establish itself in an unassailable position .
representing the interests of the masses is the starting point as well as finishing point of representing advanced social productive forces and advanced culture .
the fundamental aim of the party is serving the people wholeheartedly . our seizing political power , exercising political power , carrying out reform and opening up , and liberating and developing productive forces are all for fundamentally realizing the interests of the broad masses of people .
to represent the fundamental interests of the masses of people , we must concentrate our energy on developing productive forces and creating more material wealth as well as spiritual wealth .
the " three represents " fully embody the dialectic unity between completing the fundamental tasks of the party and practicing the fundamental aims of the party .
the important expositions of comrade jiang zemin on the " three represents " were made from the most commanding height and with the greatest vision , which has not only scientifically summed up the historically experiences in party building but also set forth even higher demands for party building in the new situation .
however , there still exist some quality problems in scientific research and production of national defense - related products , and in the use of weapons and equipment ; and such a situation is not in keeping with the present requirements of national defense building .
last year , the scientific and technological industry for national defense carried out the work of quality rectification in the entire industry , and achieved certain results .
the 30 clauses have also drawn on the experiences of countries in both europe and america in the aspect of providing product guarantees , and have urged the entire industry to spread and make use of these experiences .
xu penghang , deputy party group secretary and deputy executive minister of the commission of science , technology , and industry for national defense , delivered a report at the meeting under the heading " unifying the ideological understanding , increasing the intensity of management , and enhancing the quality level of national defense - related products . "
if the local authorities in the western region adopt local protectionism and set up barriers , then that is tantamount to rejecting development .
the central authorities have repeatedly stressed the need to adopt new ideas for the development of the western region .
the most important new idea is to play to the role of the market mechanism , create a benign investment environment and market environment , and promote the flow of funds , technologies , human resources , and other production factors at home and abroad into the western region .
government financial input is definitely an important factor , but it will just play a starting role .
the " main force " for the development is the funds from society at home and abroad .
all parts of the western region should do their best to attract the inflow of domestic funds with a more favorable environment and a more widely open market .
the market resources should be one of the most attractive resources in the western region . the opening of the market is an inevitable trend . local protectionism will eventually fail to protect the local market .
how does the chinese government look at this important incident that occurred at the end of the 20 th century ?
is there any change in the chinese government 's policy toward the kosovo issue ?
to date , the situation in kosovo remains tense , national antagonism there has not weakened , and conflicts continue .
he said : " we hope that countries of the us - led nato will rethink deeply and draw lessons , and should not create again this kind of incident that runs counter to the wish for ' peace and development ' of the people of the world at a time when mankind has entered the new century . "
he said : the procuratorates will squarely face the existing problems and make effectively improvements .
the election of leaders in the taiwan region and its result cannot change this fact .
he said : the chinese government firmly opposes engagement in any form of official contact with taiwan by any country which has established diplomatic relations with china .
the chinese side demands that they adhere to the one - china principle with practical actions , observe relevant commitments made to the chinese side , and allow for no visits by chen shui - bien in any capacity .
this is of utmost importance to ensuring a healthy development of relations between china and the countries concerned .
barshefsky said the bilateral agreement will promote the export of us products and create a tremendous opportunity for employment related to exports . besides , the united states may relax restrictions on the export of high - tech products to china .
after emphasizing once more the importance of china 's entry into wto , she urged the us congress to approve granting china permanent normal trading relation status before the end of may. barshefsky made the above remarks at a special meeting for her to deliver a speech .
over 100 noted personalities from various trades and professions in the united states attended the meeting .
there are reports about chen shui - bian preparing to visit the united states and japan .
at a foreign ministry news conference today , sun yuxi said the relevant countries have made solemn international commitments to the chinese government on the taiwan issue ; china urged them to uphold the " one china " principle through actual actions .
he reiterated that there is but one china in the world and taiwan is an inseparable part of china ; it is a fact universally acknowledged by the international community , and the leadership election in the taiwan area and its result cannot change this fact .
the prospect for resolving human rights talks between china and the united states hinges on whether the us side can truly give up being confrontational and return to the path of dialogue .
sun yuxi said : on human rights issues , there indeed are different opinions and divergences between china and the united states .
china has done a huge amount of work to improve and protect human rights .
the current human rights condition in china is at its best in history .
the differences between china and the united states on human rights issues should be resolved through dialogue on the basis of equality and mutual respect .
beijing , 23 mar (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman sun yuxi commented on settling the south china sea issue here today .
the spokesman pointed out that the bilateral negotiations on the south china sea issue held in recent years between china and relevant countries of the association of southeast asian nations (asean) , including the philippines , have made positive progress .
the bilateral negotiations and coordination mechanism are effectively operating .
china believes that through the joint efforts of both sides , the relations of good neighborliness between china and the asean countries will certainly be consolidated and developed continuously .
in future , china will continue to do so .
in addition , at the invitation of state president jiang zemin , federated states of micronesia president leo a. falcam and his entourage will visit china from 26 to 31 march .
23 mar (zts) - - news from taipei : james soong [ song chuyu ] and his camp held a news conference on the afternoon of 23 march asking election units to conduct a complete recount of the votes , in order to ensure the election was a fair one .
chang chao - hsiung [ zhang zhaoxiong ] , james soong 's election partner , indicated that the explanation given by the relevant unit about the misplacement of soong - chang ballots at minte junior high school in tainan city is not a credible one . he suspected the incident was the result of a systematic fraud .
they questioned incidents in kaohsiung city , kaohsiung county , and tainan city , in which james soong 's ballots were miscounted . they also voiced many suspicions and asked the commission to conduct a complete recount of votes .
in addition , james soong , who lost in the election with a high percentage of votes , will organize a political party , and his party will become the largest opposition party whose role is not to be ignored in taiwan 's political situation .
these may constitute destabilizing factors in the future political situation in taiwan .
li yihu ( li i - hu ) , professor at the international relations college of beijing university , held : the macro objective situation at present will pressure chen shui - bian to adjust his policy attitude and will not allow him to continue to make trouble as lee teng - hui has done .
the number of votes with which he was elects was less than 40 percent ; so , he will not have much room to maneuver in formulating policies for the island or in handling cross - strait relations .
he will be restrained by public opinion , the " legislative yuan , " and a new pattern of political parties .
in such a political environment and such public opinion , how far will chen shui - bian who advocates the " independence of taiwan " go will have a direct influence on cross - strait relations .
as far as chen shui - bian himself is concerned , he is standing at the crossroads of history ; whether he will change by conforming to public opinion , people will wait and see .
transmitting messages to each other is only the beginning of an initial stage for solving problems , but this depends on a longer period in which whether the policies of the two sides can link up with each other .
no one can avoid the prerequisite of " one china " for a dialogue with the mainland .
if chen shui - bian insists on the dpp prepositions , it will be very difficult for him to have a dialogue with the mainland .
hsu hsin - liang made the above remarks at an academic meeting sponsored by the " council for promoting cross - strait relations " and held at the hong kong science and engineering university [ name translated literally ] today .
as taiwan 's leader , chen shui - bian has neither the time nor the room to stall .
hu jintao said vice president arroyo has over a long time made efforts to develop sino - philippine friendship and has made a positive contribution to this end . we would like to express our appreciation for this .
this year is the 25 th anniversary of the establishment of the sino - philippine diplomatic relations .
bilateral trade has grown in a sustained manner , and trade and economic cooperation have constantly expanded .
in particular , president jiang zemin visited the philippines in 1996 and reached consensus with the philippine leader on establishing sino - philippine good - neighborly , mutual - trust , and cooperative relations geared to the 21 st century .
speaking about the taiwan issue , hu jintao emphatically pointed out that the chinese government has consistently made efforts to peacefully settle the taiwan issue , but peaceful reunification takes the one - china principle as the prerequisite .
the chinese people will never agree to anyone abandoning the one - china principle to seek any form of " taiwan independence , " no matter who he is .
arroyo said this year is the 25 th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the philippines and china . she felt very happy to have the opportunity to be invited to visit china at this moment with special significance .
she said since the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries , the cooperation in various fields has developed smoothly .
she reaffirmed the philippine government 's one - china policy .
she said that this is the political foundation for the establishment of the philippine - chinese diplomatic relations , and there is no change whatsoever in the stand of the philippines .
during the talks , the two sides also briefed each other on their respective domestic situation and exchanged views on issues of common concern .
before the talks , hu jintao presided over a ceremony to welcome arroyo at the northern hall of the great hall of the people .
i am greatly appreciated with your consistent support of china on issues concerning taiwan , tibet , and human rights .
we are glad to notice that in recent years , both governments have actively supported and promoted relevant departments and enterprises of both sides with a positive and pioneering spirit , and to try new ways to cooperate in economy and trade , and have achieved initial results .
the chinese government stands ready to work together with the tanzanian government to further deepen unity and cooperation and enable friendly cooperative relations between the two countries to yield more fruitful results in the new century .
on the other hand , i hope to gain a better understanding of china 's economic construction , to discover how china has made such important achievements in such a short period of time , and to study and to draw lessons from china 's experience .
we are glad to see the efforts of president mkapa and the tanzanian government in keeping national unity , safeguarding national stability , and implementing economic reforms , which have led to a steady growth of the national economy and an increase in the people 's living standard in tanzania .
in the 1960 's and 1970 's , tanzanian won a worldwide reputation from the international community for its steadfast support of the political emancipation of the african continent .
today , tanzania , while sticking to its principle of non - alliance and good - neighborliness , actively participates in regional affairs and stimulates regional economic integration . it has made great contribution to regional peace and development , and is playing an important role in africa , especially in southeastern africa .
we would like to express our appreciation for this .
the taiwan authorities today held a meeting to discuss the " small - scale three links " article , which was added to the draft resolution entitled the " regulations concerning the construction on off - shore islands . "
the caucus of the democratic progressive party at the " legislative yuan " pointed out that the " executive yuan " already agreed on the article . it asked : what do they mean by opposing the article ?
high - level exchanges between the two countries have promoted the comprehensive development of friendly cooperation in all fields between the two sides .
li peng pointed out that the npc and the british parliament have constantly strengthened their relations .
we think that inter - parliamentary exchanges constitute an important part of relations between the two countries .
chapman said that the britain - china group , with more than 100 members , is the largest group in the british parliament , demonstrating the great interest of british legislators in getting to know more about china .
to understand china better , it is necessary to visit the country personally .
the britain - china group of the british parliament is ready to further their efforts to develop the relations between britain and china and between the parliaments of the two countries .
we firmly oppose " taiwan independence " in any form .
only when taiwan 's new leader recognizes and accepts the one china principle can cross - strait political talks and dialogue be conducted , and cross - strait relations be realistically eased up and developed .
it will be very dangerous if he continues to uphold the " taiwan independence " stand , an act which will only bring extremely grave disasters to the compatriots in taiwan .
as members of the taiwan democratic self - government league , a party participating in government and political affairs and composed of compatriots who are native of taiwan province and living in the motherland , we look forward to the peaceful reunification of the two sides of the taiwan strait .
however , the one china policy is a prerequisite to peaceful reunification , and " taiwan independence " of any form is absolutely inadmissible .
they said : now is the crucial moment for taiwan 's new leader .
he either recognizes one china principle , brings about cross - strait political dialogue and negotiation , and walks on the path of peace ; or denies the one china principle , adheres to engaging in separatism and " taiwan independence , " and sets off a cross - strait war .
we hope the broad masses of countrymen in taiwan will urge taiwan 's new leader to choose the correct path , so as to ensure the stability and prosperity of taiwan .
su mingsheng , vice president of the all - china federation of taiwan compatriots , chaired the forum .
shanghai 's federation of trade units set up an employee legal aid center in august 1997 , a first in china , and it has now set up 30 sub - centers in various districts , counties , and industrial bureaus .
according to incomplete statistics , some 30,000 employees have received legal aid of various forms ; of these , nearly 40 percent was employees of foreign - invested enterprises .
li lanqing , member of the political bureau standing committee of the cpc central committee and premier of the state council , visited tonight a large photo exhibition named " advocating science and civility , and opposing superstition and ignorance , " which was opened in the military museum yesterday .
ding guangen , li tieying , and zhu guangya also visited the exhibition .
li lanqing visited every part of the exhibition attentively , tried to operate the various models displayed at the exhibition , and listened to the explanations given by experts on the basic operational principles of these models .
accompanying the leaders at the exhibition were the responsible persons of relevant departments , including liu yunshan , wang shengjun , and zhang yutai .
qiao zhonghuai said : china has always attached importance to promoting and protecting human rights .
the chinese constitution explicitly provides that chinese citizens are entitled to freedom of speech , assembly , association , and religious belief .
under the protection of the constitution and other laws , chinese citizens lawfully and freely exercise the aforesaid rights ; the question of " persecution " does not exist at all .
on the one hand , the united states is severely cracking down on cult organizations in their country ; but on the other , it is making carping comments on china dealing with cults .
qiao zhonghuai said : the united states is always finding fault [ ping tou lun zu 6097 7333 6158 6398 ] with the status of other countries ' human rights .
but there are very serious human rights problems in the united states itself - - notorious racial discrimination , incessant police violence , torture in prisons , infringements on women 's rights , and campus gun killings .
a country like the united states with such a poor human rights record is not qualified to judge the status of other countries ' human rights at all at a un forum .
we hope that the united states will spend more time paying attention to its own human rights status , instead of interfering in others ' internal affairs under the pretext of human rights .
during his meeting with us ambassador to the united nations holbrooke on 21 march , president jiang zemin stressed that the taiwan issue is the biggest barrier to the improvement and development of sino - us relations .
defending china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity and realizing the motherland 's complete reunification represents the common aspiration and sacred mission of all chinese people .
china 's accomplishment of the great cause of reunification not only represents the common aspiration of all chinese people and serves the chinese nation 's fundamental interests , but also is conducive to the healthy and stable development of sino - us relations .
how to handle this question well will have an important bearing on the development of sino - us ties .
the chinese side has urged the united states to abide by the three sino - us joint communiques and the " three no 's " commitment .
foreign ministry spokesman sun yuxi said yesterday : the chinese government demands that countries concerned adhere to the one china principle and allow for no visits by chen shui - bian to these countries in any capacity .
the chinese government firmly opposes engagement in any form of official contact with taiwan by any country that has established diplomatic relations with china .
the us government has made solemn international commitments with regard to the taiwan question and has promised that it will not have official contacts in any form with taiwan .
if the two sides resort to force , there is a danger that the united states will get involved .
for this reason , president clinton took the lead in reiterating the " one china " position . he repeatedly emphasized that the " policy of the united states towards taiwan remains unchanged , " which shows the strategic determination of the united states in placing us - prc relations above us - taiwan relations .
under the pretext of maintaining a balance across the taiwan straits , the united states has sold large amount of modern weapons to taiwan . the united states also attempted to adopt the " taiwan enhanced security act , " which further fed the arrogance of the " taiwan independence " forces .
if the united states cannot understand the importance and sensitivity of the taiwan issue , and fails to prudently handle it , the united states is likely to harm others as well as itself .
as is known to all , if the " taiwan independence " elements brazenly advocate a separation , they will compel the chinese government to resort to force to settle the taiwan issue .
and if the united states is substantially involved , it must be prepared to pay a huge price . a conflict between china and the united states is not in the interests of the united states .
if that occurs , then the asia - pacific security system , with china and the united states as the center , will no longer exist . naturally , there will be no peace and stability in the asia - pacific region and the strategic interests of the united states in this region will be undermined .
those in power in the united states must think twice about this question .
following chen shui - bian 's election , president clinton issued a statement , reaffirming that the united states will scrupulously abide by the one - china policy .
the result of electing a new leader in the taiwan region does not change the fact that taiwan is part of chinese territory .
holbrooke said , however , that the us side understands the importance and sensitivity of the taiwan issue , and will scrupulously abide by the one - china principle , the three sino - us joint communiques , and the " three nos " commitment .
now that its visiting representative has made a commitment , the united states should implement it to the letter , including not issuing a visa for chen shui - bian to enter the united states .
this is because chen has so far refused to abandon his " taiwan independence " stand . he has even openly indicated that he cannot accept president jiang zemin 's formulation , which regards one china as a prerequisite for cross - strait talks .
if the united states takes a wrong step , it will push the taiwan strait situation to a dangerous edge . should that happen , the united states must bear the consequences for the serious situation .
as a us official recently put it , at a time when a conflict or war may break out , it is wise for the united states not to have a hand in cross - strait disputes .
by instigating chen shui - bian 's visit to the united states at this moment , the anti - china forces in the us congress aim to create trouble for the clinton administration and push the united states into a vortex .
things between the two sides of the strait can be solved peacefully only under the one - china principle .
us involvement will only make things worse and strain the situation .
if only people can take warning from the overturned cart ahead , things can be handled much more appropriately .
if foreign countries do not meddle in this , there will be peace on the taiwan strait .
washington , 23 march ( xinhua ) - - the finance committee of the us senate held a hearing on granting china permanent normal trade relations [ pntr ] status , at which committee chairman william ruth appealed congress to settle the problem facing the trade relations between the united states and china through legislation .
ruth said that he and democrat senator patrick moynihan jointly introduced in the senate a bill of granting china pntr status and required president bill clinton 's continued active support to the bill .
it has been reported that us president clinton submitted a bill of granting china pntr status to congress on 8 march and urged congress to pass the bill as soon as possible .
according to procedures , the bill will be decided by vote in the finance committee , which is responsible for trade legislation , before it is submitted to the senate and the house of representatives for examination and approval .
he said : korean - chinese friendship was personally established and nurtured by leaders of the older generation of both countries .
the recent visit to the chinese embassy in korea by korean leader kim jong il shows that comrade kim jong il values and shows concern for korean - chinese friendship .
chen jiping said at the meeting : sino - korean friendship dates back a long time . it is cemented in fresh blood and can stand the test of time .
the chinese party , government and people assign great importance to the development of sino - korean friendship and puts sino - korean friendship in an important position in its foreign relations .
he said : the further development of sino - korean friendship is not only in the interest of the people of both countries but will contribute to peace and stability on the korean peninsula , even in the world .
the two sides also briefed each other on their economic construction and party building work .
li bin [ 2621 3453 ] , charges d ' affaires ad interim of the chinese embassy in korea , was present at the meeting . the delegation of representatives of cpc workers arrived here for a week - long visit at the invitation of the international department of the wpk on 18 march .
lien chan [ lian zhan ] , vice chairman of the kmt , will be the acting party chairman and will also become the convenor of a newly established " reform committee of the kmt . "
according the kmt party constitution , after the party chairman resigns , the first vice party chairman will be the acting party chairman and the kmt will call a congress within three months to elect a new party chairman .
after the humiliating defeat of the kmt in the activities of changing the leader of the taiwan area on 18 march , demands for lee teng - hui 's stepping down became louder and louder .
on march 19 , the higher echelons of kmt leadership announced that lee teng - hui would resign at a provisional party congress , which was scheduled to be held in september .
zhang linsheng [ 1728 2651 3932 ] , deputy director of the guangzhou city judicial bureau and former chief of the traffic control sub - bureau under the city public security bureau , and his wife were recently held in custody for investigation by the judicial authorities on charges of smuggling and bribery .
however , the work of investigation met with considerable obstructions .
at the same time , zhang linsheng was transferred to fill the position of deputy director of the city judicial bureau . in addition to zhang linsheng , most of the responsible officials of the traffic control sub - bureau and vehicle administrative office were transferred to other units .
through investigation , zhang linsheng 's crime has been basically confirmed : he received bribes to have licenses issued for smuggled vehicles .
it is said that , through investigation , a large sum of money - - as much as nearly 100 million yuan - - was found in zhang linsheng 's house .
through more than a half year 's investigation , the joint investigation group has by and large uncovered the principal malpractice of the vehicle administrative office of the guangzhou city public bureau , namely , illegally issuing licenses for thousands of smuggled automobiles .
after being replaced by zhang linsheng , he was promoted to deputy director of the city public security bureau , in charge of vehicle administration work .
in private , people called them father and son . a few years ago , zhang rong had reached the retirement age and submitted his application for retirement .
then , what should the western region - based national defense industry do in order to seize the present favorable opportunity , give rein to its own advantages , and take an active part in the country 's large - scale development of the western region ?
i would like to give my views on this issue : first , we should further emancipate the mind , change our concepts , and take an active part in the large - scale development of the western region .
meanwhile , they should also open themselves wider to other parts of the country and the world , change their operating mechanisms , bring true an army - civilian integration at a higher level , and inject a greater vigor into the national defense economy .
the publication of this speech has caused strong reactions across the party and society , and an enthusiastic wave of thoroughly studying and implementing the spirit of the speech and working to enhance and improve education work is occurring .
on 12 february , the first day of work after the spring festival , the standing committee of the cpc municipal committee held a meeting to relay and study the general secretary 's important speech .
as an important foundation of economic development and comprehensive social progress , education represents the fundamental way to improve the overall quality and creativity of a nation .
" examination - tackling teaching " and the practice of " teaching and studying for good examination results , " mainly characterized by the one - sided pursuit of a high admissions rate , constitute the main source of the excessive school work burden on students and are seriously harming the comprehensive development of children and youths .
to comprehensively implement the cpc 's education policy , schools of various levels and categories citywide must organically integrate ethical , intellectual , and physical education into all aspects of education activities to create a situation of mutual infiltration and coordinated development , so as to advance the comprehensive growth of students .
the focus of personal quality education is to develop the spirit of innovation and the capability for practice on the part of students .
we must work effectively to do a good job of carrying out the important work of ideological and political education of young students , according to the requirements raised by general secretary jiang in his speech .
schools have major responsibilities for enhancing the ideological education of young students .
parents of students at large should actively support and cooperative with schools in ideological education .
by being oriented toward social practice , comprehensively improving their own qualities , and making continual efforts , young students will definitely be able to develop themselves into useful personnel for socialist modernization construction .
reform , opening , and socialist modernization construction require diverse personnel , and there are diverse ways of becoming qualified personnel .
it is necessary to clearly expound this idea to young students at large and to support and encourage their going the road of comprehensive development and healthy development .
vigorously enhance the construction of the pool of teachers the hope of national rejuvenation lies in education , and the hope of revitalizing education lies in teachers .
on the whole , teachers in our city are good . under rather harsh conditions , they have worked diligently for education , producing great achievements and making important contributions .
however , it is also necessary to see that because of the constraints of previous education conceptions and models and the rapid development of education , the overall quality of teachers at large does not adequately meet the requirements of the implementation of personal quality education and the high standard of education desired by the masses of the people .
further deepen the reform of the education system and comprehensively carry out personal quality education under the correct leadership and with the untiring efforts on the part of education workers at large as well as vigorous support from the entire society , the capital city 's education has undergone encouraging changes , resulting in substantial development .
beijing has become not only the largest education base nationwide , but also a renowned international education center in the asia - pacific region , thereby laying a good foundation for deepening education reform and comprehensively carrying out personal quality education .
these problems concern the development direction and level of education in the capital city , affect and constrain the comprehensive implementation of the cpc 's education policy , and are linked to the issue of whether children and youths can achieve comprehensive and healthy growth .
it is necessary to properly adjust education deployment , to continually deepen the reform of the personnel system , to further improve the quality and efficiency of operation of schools .
through reform , comprehensively carry out personal quality education and make education truly combined with social practice , so as to train high - quality personnel characterized by comprehensive and healthy development for socialist modernization construction .
v. effectively strengthen the cpc 's leadership over education work and create a good social environment for the healthy development of children and youths leadership is the key to implementing the spirit of the general secretary jiang zemin 's speech and effectively enhancing and improving education work .
cpc committees and governments at all levels should attach great importance to education work , in the spirit of being highly responsible to the state , nation , and offspring .
on the other hand , fully perform the functions of leadership , organization , and coordination , mobilize all social forces , and show concern and support for education work .
currently , all in the city should study the spirit of general secretary jiang 's important speech in an in - depth manner , improve understanding , unify thinking , and more resolutely and consciously implement the cpc 's education policy in a comprehensive manner .
family education is the foundation of students ' personal quality education and will be of critical importance to the healthy growth of children and youths .
second , work vigorously to purify social conduct and to create a good social environment .
in contemporary society , the cognitive capability of children and youths not only come from classrooms and books , but are also affected by society .
such bad phenomena as superstition , ignorance , devious ideas , and vulgar culture currently existing in social life have large effects on them .
third , it is necessary to fully utilize and actively open activity places , so as to enrich extracurricular cultural life for children and youths .
fourth , it is necessary to strength the comprehensive improvement of public security in areas around schools .
on the basis of public security improvement last year , it is necessary , this year , to continue to clean up trading markets and unlicensed venders in areas around schools and to continue to combat various illegal and criminal activities of disrupting normal school order and infringing upon the rights and interests of children and youths .
comrade jiang zemin 's " speech on the issue of education " is another important document for guiding education work oriented toward the new century , following the " decision of the cpc central committee and the state council on deepening education reform and comprehensively carrying out personal quality education . "
when submitting the " sewage discharge declaration and registration form , " an enterprise or public institution that discharges more pollutants than the pollutant discharge standards set by the state or the locality shall also clearly state the reasons for exceeding the pollutant discharge standards and the measures to effect an improvement within the time limit .
article 5 an enterprise or public institution that needs to demolish or lay aside its pollutant treatment facilities shall make a prior declaration to the environmental protection department of a people 's government at or above the county level at the locality where it is located and shall state the reasons clearly .
a total discharge volume control enforcement scheme shall determine the units required to reduce their waste discharge volume and shall define the varieties of major pollutants from each waste discharging unit and its total discharge volume control quota , the necessary reduction in its waste discharge volume , and the time limit for the reduction .
measures for assigning total discharge volume control quotas shall be drawn up by the state council 's environmental protection department after consulting with relevant departments of the state council .
the specific measures shall be drawn up by the environmental protection department of the state council .
article 11 units that are identified under the total discharge volume control enforcement scheme as having to reduce their pollutant discharge volume shall install their waste outlet in accordance with the rules of the state council 's environmental protection department and shall install monitoring equipment for total discharge volume control .
article 12 the people 's governments of provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities located in the state - defined major river basins shall enforce state council - approved water environmental quality standards that are applicable to water bodies that cut across provincial boundaries .
article 13 the monitoring of the state of water environmental quality of water bodies that cut across provincial boundaries in state - defined major river basins shall be carried out in accordance with the specifications drawn up by the state council 's environmental protection department for monitoring water environmental quality .
article 14 urban construction administrative departments shall , in accordance with the overall urban planning , organize and draw up specialized plans for urban drainage and sewage treatment and shall , in accordance with the planning requirements , organize and construct centralized urban sewage treatment facilities .
article 15 the water quality of effluents from centralized urban sewage treatment facilities shall be maintained at or above the pollutant discharge standards set by the state or the locality .
units operating centralized urban sewage treatment facilities shall be accountable for the water quality of effluents from the centralized urban sewage treatment facilities .
after causing a water pollution accident , a vessel shall forthwith report it to a maritime administration nearby .
in the event of an accident that has polluted fishery waters , it shall forthwith report it to the fishery administration at the place of accident .
upon receiving the report , the maritime or fishery administration shall notify the circumstances to the environmental protection department of a people 's government of its level and shall promptly carry out investigative and handling work .
conservation zones for surface sources of domestic potable water are divided into class one conservation zones and class two conservation zones .
article 22 the conservation of class one conservation zones for surface sources of domestic potable water shall be carried out in accordance with article 20 of the lpcwp .
reconstruction projects in class two conservation zones for surface sources of domestic potable water shall effect a reduction in the pollutant discharge volume .
article 26 vessels engaged in inland navigation shall hold anti - pollution documents or logs specified by the maritime administration .
article 27 harbors or wharves shall be equipped with facilities for receiving and disposing of oily sewage and garbage .
vessels engaged in inland navigation shall not discharge waste oil , residual oil , or garbage into the water body .
article 29 when a vessel is loading or unloading oils and other toxic and harmful , corrosive , or radioactive cargoes at a harbor or wharf , the ship and the operation unit shall take preventive measures to prevent pollution to the water body .
the category ii standards of the state 's " underground water quality standards " shall be applicable to the quality of water in conservation zones for underground sources of domestic potable water .
article 36 for the discharge of toxic , harmful wastewater from mine shafts and pits , water catchment works shall be put up along the periphery of the mineral deposit and effective measures shall be taken to prevent the pollution of underground water .
article 37 the quality of water for artificially recharging and replenishing underground potable water shall conform to the water quality standards for domestic potable water sources and shall be subject to the approval of the health authority of local people 's governments at or above the county level .
article 41 those who are punishable by a fine according to the provisions in article 48 of the lpcwp shall be liable to a fine below 100,000 yuan .
article 42 those who are punishable by a fine according to the provisions in article 52 , section 1 of the lpcwp shall be liable to a fine below 200,000 yuan .
article 48 the payment of waste discharge fees or extra - quota waste discharge fees by a unit or the punishment of a unit by a warning or fine shall not relieve it of the responsibilities of eliminating pollution , removing harms , and paying compensation for losses .
proceeding from the requirements of future local wars under hi - tech conditions , this general unit has taken the initiative to raise the starting point and level of difficulty of training and made positive efforts to explore new training programs , such as comprehensive training for naval formation , in recent years .
the n1101 vessel of this general unit set a number of firsts among the army ship and boat units : the first to sail across different sea areas on its own and coming first in terms of total distance of navigation , volume of transport , and navigation span .
the general unit has taken part in several combined - arms theater exercises in recent years and accomplished its tasks with flying colors . in last year 's inspection of war preparedness training by headquarters , it showed excellent performance in all respects and was cited by headquarters as " an advanced unit in war preparedness training . "
on the morning of 24 march 2000 , chinese state president jiang zemin met with philippine vice president gloria macapagal arroyo at zhongnanhai .
i also met with president estrada twice during apec meetings and we held excellent talks [ tan de hen hao 6151 1779 1771 1170 ] .
i also invited president estrada to pay a state visit to china in may 2000 .
i am looking forward to exchanging views with him on bilateral ties and issues of common concern .
president jiang said : china and the philippines are close neighbors . friendly exchanges between the two countries date back to ancient times .
we still propose to resolve the existing differences between the two countries through friendly consultations based on the principle of " shelving disputes and facilitating common development " [ ge zhi zhen yi gong tong kai fa 2364 4999 3630 6231 0364 0681 7030 4099 ] .
jiang zemin also briefed the guest on china 's economic situation and development . he said : both china and the philippines are developing countries . both are encountering the tasks of developing their economies and upgrading their peoples ' living standards .
arroyo said : this is my fourth visit to china . i have participated in promoting bilateral friendship between the two countries long before china and the philippines established diplomatic ties .
arroyo said : this year is an important year for sino - philippine ties : president estrada would soon visit china on invitation . the philippine government and people expect the visit to be successful , and hope that both countries will further enhance economic , trade , agricultural , cultural , scientific , and technological cooperation .
jiang zemin made positive assessment of the progress made in bilateral relations between china and south africa since the two countries forged diplomatic ties .
he said : south africa is a large country in africa and an important developing country . china and south africa share the same sufferings and the same destiny . china attaches importance to the development of friendly and cooperative relations with south africa .
when talking about sino - african relations , jiang zemin said : the chinese government always attaches importance to africa and maintains close , friendly , and cooperative relations with african countries . sino - african friendship has stood the test of time and changes in the international situation . we are trusted friends for each other .
he said : " sino - african cooperation forum - - the 2000 ministerial meeting in beijing " will be convened in october this year .
the chinese government proposed the holding of this meeting for two purposes : first , to discuss the establishment of a new international political and economic order ; second , to discuss the new form and new way for sino - african cooperation .
zuma conveyed the greetings from south african president ( mbeki ) and former president mandela to president jiang zemin . jiang zemin also asked zuma to convey his regards to ( mbeki ) and mandela .
zuma said south africa attaches great importance to her relations with china , and regards china as a major strategic partner of south africa and also african development as a whole . south africa takes bilateral cooperation with china as a major component part of south - south cooperation .
south africa is satisfied with the rapid and comprehensive development of bilateral relations with china and the level of bilateral cooperation since the establishment of diplomatic ties , and hopes both sides will further increase and expand cooperation .
she said south africa appreciates china 's proposal for the holding of " sino - african cooperation forum - - the 2000 ministerial meeting in beijing " and is willing to make contributions to the success of the meeting .
since ancient times , the chinese people 's national sense and national awareness has been very strong , leading to the emergence of a host of national heroes , such as yue fei , wen tianxiang , and guan tianpei .
in the past century , the chinese people have realized even more the importance of national unity and self - improvement after experiencing untold sufferings from aggression by great powers and from fighting among warlords .
in word and in deed , lee teng - hui wantonly aggravated cross - strait relations , pushing the two sides of the taiwan strait to the brink of war . it is only natural that he met with opposition from the overwhelming majority of the chinese people , including the people of taiwan .
in the recent " presidential " election , lee teng - hui employed all sorts of tricks and ruses .
the meeting has relayed and studied the spirit of the central authorities ' instructions on the taiwan issue , studied the current situation concerning taiwan - related work , and arranged taiwan - related tasks under the new circumstances .
qian qichen , member of the cpc central committee political bureau and vice premier of the state council , attended and delivered an important speech at the meeting .
he said : we have distinctly and resolutely waged struggles against " taiwan independence " and other splittist forces . the 1.2 - odd billion chinese people have fully demonstrated their firm determination to safeguard china 's national sovereignty and territorial integrity .
most countries in the world have reiterated their upholding the one - china policy and promised to handle their ties with taiwan within the one - china framework .
most taiwan compatriots do not support " taiwan independence , " and wish for stability and to develop cross - strait ties .
if some people who disregard the security of the 23 million taiwan compatriots ' lives scheme to carry out " taiwan independence " activities , they absolutely will not end well [ mei you hao xia chang de 3093 2589 1170 0007 1034 4104 ] .
qian qichen emphatically pointed out : the election of a new taiwan regional leader and its results cannot change the fact that taiwan is a part of china .
the chinese government and people absolutely will not compromise or concede on cardinal issues of right and wrong , such as safeguarding the one - china principle and china 's national sovereignty and territorial integrity .
we should increase contacts with all the political parties and all the figures from various circles in taiwan who support the one - china principle , who oppose " taiwan independence , " and who advocate enhancing cross - strait ties .
compatriots on both sides of the strait and all those who support china 's reunification should be united , and make joint efforts to strive to develop cross - strait ties and to advance the process of peacefully reunifying the motherland .
chen yunlin , director of the cpc central committee central office for taiwan affairs and the state council taiwan affairs office , delivered a work report at the meeting .
also attending the meeting were responsible officials from relevant departments of the cpc central committee and state organs as well as heads of taiwan affairs offices from various provinces , autonomous regions , municipalities , and cities with provincial - level economic decision - making authorities .
it is necessary to consciously place this campaign high on the agenda of the party committees and leading party groups , and grasp it firmly and well .
zhang quanjing said : during this " review " campaign , we should put study in the first place and keep eyes on improving ourselves in terms of ideology and politics .
we must realistically resolve the issues that some comrades are confused and have wavered in their ideals and conviction , unceasingly increase the accomplishment in party spirit and enhance our ability to resist corruption and prevent evolution .
zhang quanjing said : in reviewing the work , we must base ourselves on summing up experiences and find out where we have lagged behind .
on this basis , they should hold party committee ( leading party group ) meetings or special democratic party life meetings to analyze the reasons for the existing gaps , conduct criticism and self - criticism and study measures for deeply carrying out rectification .
zhang quanjing pointed out : in conducting the " review " campaign , we must grasp and think deeply the major issues that affect the overall situation , and further clearly define the orientation to which we should exert efforts .
while implementing the rectification measures , it is necessary to step up efforts to resolve problems in economic , political and cultural construction and in the party 's self - development such as not complying with or running counter to the advanced production forces and cultural demands and the interests of the people .
we should properly handle the relations between the " review " campaign with other work and see to it that " both will not be delayed and that both will promote each other . "
president of xinhua news agency guo chaoren , agricultural minister chen yaobang , and minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation shi guangsheng , respectively introduced their methods and experience in conducting the " review " of the " three stresses " education .
principal leaders of various departments of the central party and government organs or persons in charge of certain departments , director of the " three stresses " education office and chief of the central " three stresses " education inspection group attended the meeting .
the notice reads as follows : 1 . a license - based system should be applied to the online sales of audio - video products .
none are allowed to arbitrarily engage in the online sales of audio - video products if they do not register themselves with tape market administrative departments or if they do not get approvals by such departments . 2 .
the units engaged in the publication , wholesale or retail distribution , and renting of audio - video products are allowed to engage in the online sales and renting of such products through their own websites and webpages .
online business units should provide the names of publishing units , the standard codes of products , and the numbers of the documents for approving the imports of such products .
it is imperative to stop the sales of the audio - video products with prohibited contents defined in the article 3 of the " regulations on management of audio - video products , " as well as of smuggled , pirated , and unlawful products .
the mp3 music products downloaded from the internet must not be sold .
none are permitted to make wholesale distribution of audio - video products via the internet . 6 .
the units engaged in the online sales of audio - video products should put in prominent positions their business license numbers and the telephone numbers of their registration organizations and the license registration organizations . 7 .
the online business of audio - video products should be done strictly in line with the regulations and systems governing the tape markets and be supervised and controlled by the tape market administrative departments .
lee teng - hui 's ancestral home is yongding county , fujian province , and he was born in january 1923 in sanzhi township , taipei [ taibei ] county , taiwan .
after graduating from the danshui junior high school , he entered the taipei high school .
he was arrested in april 1949 and was later released after he betrayed the party .
after he graduated from taiwan university , he taught at the school .
later , he served as a lecturer , associate professor , and professor at taiwan university .
in 1957 , he was appointed assistant engineer , and later promoted to engineer , with the " china rural rejuvenation committee . "
in july 1988 , he was elected kmt chairman , chairman of the " constitutional study committee of the national assembly , " and chairman of the " national security council . "
in march 1990 , he was elected the eighth " president " of taiwan , in october of the same year was elected chairman of the " national unification committee , " and in november 1990 he was appointed concurrently as president of the " chinese cultural rejuvenation movement promotion committee . "
in 1993 , he put forward the theory of " two chinas as a phase " and launched a campaign to push taiwan back into the united nations .
the statement also claimed that the two sides of the strait are " equal political entities " and said " political entity " can be interpreted as a country .
tibet is an autonomous region of china , and tibetan compatriots are members of the big family of the chinese nation .
tibet has made rapid progress in all fields following its democratic reform , especially since the program of reform and opening up was launched .
we express firm opposition and strong resentment over the way the new york city council followed in the footsteps of the us congress and passed the so - called resolution supporting " tibet national day. "
zhu rongji said that he had just visited the philippines last november and felt great warmth having the opportunity to meet with vice president arroyo again so soon after that visit .
he said : " during my visit to the philippines , i had the pleasure of having cordial and friendly meetings with president estrada , the vice president herself and the heads of the philippine senate and house of commons , and i was warmly entertained by the government and people of the philippines .
the visit left me a very good impression . "
he noted that through the visit , he deeply felt the immense potential of cooperation between the two countries .
he also expressed his appreciation to the philippines for its support in china 's bid to gain wto accession .
zhu rongji also asked arroyo to convey his cordial greetings to president estrada .
arroyo said that she was glad to have the opportunity to visit china and meet zhu rongji again .
she said : premier zhu rongji 's recent visit to the philippines was a great success .
in recent years , a good momentum has appeared in the relations between the two countries .
bilateral trade is heading toward a balance .
the two sides have reached an agreement on china 's accession to the wto .
the philippines believes that ties between the two countries will definitely see further growth in the new period .
the two sides also exchanged views on issues of common concern .
mrs zhu rongji [ lao an ] , minister of civil affairs doje cering , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation shi guangsheng , vice foreign minster yang wenchang , and others attended the meeting .
li peng warmly welcomed speaker ba - du - le 's return visit in nearly 20 years .
he said , in the more than 20 years since diplomatic relations were established between china and djibouti , our relations have developed smoothly . i believe mr. speaker 's visit will be conducive to promoting relations between china and djibouti and between the npc of china and the chamber of deputies of djibouti .
li peng stressed , we advocate a multipolar world , because a multipolarized structure will be good for peace and development .
all countries in the world , big or small , rich or poor , strong or weak , are equal members in the international community and have the right to participate in international affairs on an equal footing .
in international relations , china is opposed to the big bullying the small , the strong bullying the weak , and advocates building a new international political and economic order which is peaceful and steady as well as just and reasonable .
li peng said , china attaches importance to developing relations with djibouti , and is happy to see djibouti has successfully realized national reconciliation and ceased the civil war .
china supports the efforts of the multitude of african countries , including djibouti , to break free of poverty and invigorate their economy .
ba - du - le said , i first visited china in 1981 .
this time i am here again and i am very impressed by the drastic changes that have taken place in china .
the realities demonstrate once again that anyone who attempts to promote " taiwan independence " and split the motherland will certainly come to no good end .
this is historic dialectics .
lee teng - hui obtained his power from the kmt . it was the kmt that lee teng - hui depended on when he climbed up the summit of power as taiwan 's leader .
but when lee teng - hui took the stage , he changed the kmt 's line of upholding one china and opposing " taiwan independence . " he gradually led the kmt to a dangerous road of promoting separatism and " taiwan independence . "
without exception , all of taiwan 's political and economic institutions as well as organizations representing people 's will have been seriously affected . the people have been very indignant . the kuomintang 's reputation has been tarnished .
in dealing with taiwan 's future , he truly and surreptitiously engaged in " taiwan independence " activities , while publicly claiming that he aimed for reunification . in taiwan 's politics , he " genuinely aimed for tyranny while faking democratic acts . "
inside the kuomintang , he used one faction to persecute another faction . . . [ ellipses as printed ] lee teng - hui 's deeds led to major splits within the kuomintang , and eventually pushed the kuomintang to the brink of destruction .
lee teng - hui 's slimy schemes could only fool people temporarily but not for long .
as the chinese people at home and abroad voiced their opposition in unison , increasingly more taiwan compatriots have distinctly realized lee teng - hui 's true colors of taiwan independence , tyranny , fake democracy , and fraudulence .
lee teng - hui 's reputation has collapsed . his deeds have encountered widespread indignation and discontent .
the one - china principle is the touchstone for testing whether one is pursuing " taiwan independence " or truly advocating peace for both sides of the strait and gradually attaining reunification .
those people - - who are still attempting to disguise their " taiwan independence " stance with flowery statements , who cheat and fool the taiwan people , who stubbornly reject the one - china principle , and who attempt to secede taiwan from china - - should learn the lesson from lee teng - hui 's example .
new york , 23 mar (zxs) - - china 's newly appointed ambassador to the united nations wang yingfan today [ 23 march ] warned [ gao jie 0707 6135 ] the taiwan region 's new leader : practicing " taiwan independence " will be a dead end road .
ambassador wang yinfan made the above remarks while attending a banquet hosted by the new york association of chinese communities to celebrate the new spring and welcome the ambassador .
this evening was wang yinfan 's first social activity with the overseas chinese since his assumption of office . reporters immediately surrounded him as he arrived at the banquet room . reporters asked him about his views on relations between the two sides of the taiwan strait after the election in the taiwan region .
ambassador wang said : the result of election in the taiwan region and future developments are of concern to all people of chinese descent throughout the world because this is related to the big issue of the reunification of the motherland .
now the new leader in the taiwan region still will not accept the principle of one china , and this is very unwise .
he hoped the new leader in the taiwan region would give up his stand of " taiwan independence " and advance along the correct road of realizing the reunification of the motherland .
liang guanjun , chairman of the new york association of chinese communities expressed his welcome to ambassador wang yingfan on behalf of the overseas chinese .
liang guanjun pointed out : " one must not counter the will of the people and go against the tide . we hope mr. chen shui - bian will think it over three times before making a decision on which direction to go . "
lee teng - hui has betrayed the kuomingtang [ kmt ] and the chinese people . it serves him right to have such a shameful end .
the kmt 's crushing defeat in the election triggered off massive protests by the people .
there were loud cries for lee teng - hui to resign immediately to take responsibility for the election defeat .
lee teng - hui , who has governed taiwan for 12 years , suddenly became a rat crossing the street [ a person who provokes a hue and cry ] and completely has only himself to blame for such a sad and shameful end . he deserves to be punished .
after becoming a ruler in 1988 , lee teng - hui continued to expand his power , got rid of dissidents , went on his own ways , and allowed widespread money and gang - linked politics .
lee teng - hui has deliberately engaged in splittism and vainly attempted to create " two chinas " and " one china , one taiwan " in the international community to split taiwan from china forever .
in the past decade or more , the taiwan society was all split up by the so - called " lee teng - hui line , " that is , the " taiwan independence " line . cross - strait relations have become dangerously explosive and the taiwan situation continues to be turbulent .
the reunification of the motherland is the greatest interest of the chinese people and a sacred goal commonly pursued by the chinese people on the two sides of the taiwan strait .
compatriots on the two sides are seeking and hoping for peaceful reunification , chinese people overseas are also expecting the reunification of the motherland ; and the international community is also recognizing one china .
however , lee teng - hui has gone against the historical tide , and overrated himself and tried to hold back an overwhelming superior force .
lee teng - hui is a betrayer of the taiwan people 's interest .
this conforms to the taiwan people 's interest and is currently the people 's greatest aspiration .
there is definitely no way out for the former , whereas there is a bright road for the latter .
this is just to give the new taiwan leader new opportunities and time to study and formulate cross - strait policies afresh . the people hope that the new taiwan leader can draw on lee teng - hui 's lessons and seize this opportunity to make a wise choice .
directed at the results of the taiwan presidential election and the emergence of a new situation on the two sides of the taiwan strait , high - level cpc authorities held a national meeting of taiwan office directors in the past two days in beijing .
it is learned that the theme of the meeting is " accelerating peace talks and promoting the reunification of the motherland . " the mainland maintains a careful attitude of " continued observation " on taiwan president - elect chen shui - bian [ chen shuibian ] and does not disclose its position any further .
at the meeting , vice premier qian qichen , who is mainly in charge of taiwan affairs , stressed : if there is anyone who ignores the safety of the lives of 23 million taiwan compatriots and attempts to engage in " taiwan independence , " he absolutely will not end up well .
it is pointed out that this meeting indirectly responded to chen shui - bian 's recent argument that " ' one china ' is not a principle but a ' topic for discussion ' . "
we absolutely do not allow any form of " taiwan independence . "
so long as they recognize the " one - china " principle , taiwan leaders may come to mainland china any time to hold talks ; we are also willing to go to taiwan ; and the association for relations across the taiwan strait and taiwan 's strait exchange foundation can also make contacts and facilitate exchanges .
qian qichen added : the chinese government and people absolutely will not compromise or concede on cardinal issues of right and wrong , such as safeguarding the " one - china " principle and china 's national sovereignty and territorial integrity .
compatriots on the two sides of the taiwan strait and all those who support china 's reunification should be united and make joint efforts to strive to develop cross - strait relations and advance the process of the motherland 's peaceful reunification .
the circular stipulates : the license system is applied to the on - line business activities of audio - video products .
the circular stipulates : information and network business units with foreign investment or of sino - foreign joint ventures are forbidden from engaging in on - line business activities of audio - video products . the audio - video products sold on - line must be legal audio - video products released by domestic audio - video publishing units .
sales of smuggled , pirated , and other illegal audio - video products are prohibited , so are the on - line sales of foreign imported audio - video end products .
the circular said : on the web sites or web pages , the on - line business units should prominently indicate the numbers of their licenses for operation and the telephone numbers of the organs that put the units on file and the license - issuing organs .
any violation of this circular will be punished by the audio - video market administrative department in accordance with the " regulations on management of audio - video products " and relevant laws and regulations .
gan yuping , deputy director of the state council three gorges project construction committee and vice mayor of chongqing , told this reporter the other day that the number of inundated industrial and mining enterprises will total as many as 1,397 .
chongqing will relocate , build , and transform the inundated enterprises in line with the principle of integrating the relocation and building of enterprises with their structural readjustment .
capitals coming from outside chongqing can take over these enterprises through acquisition or merger ; and can also participate in the business of these enterprises by shares or acquire a holding power over these enterprises .
investors coming to chongqing to participate in the relocation of enterprises in the reservoir areas can enjoy a policy environment more relaxed and flexible than that offered by open cities and development zones in the country 's coastal areas .
all capitals , state - owned or civilian - run , which merge enterprises in the reservoir areas are entitled to the preferential state policies originally designed for merges among state enterprises .
according to the briefing given by gan yuping , chongqing also hopes to attract investors from both inside and outside the country to participate in the building of small cities and towns in the three gorges reservoir areas .
the inundated area of the three gorges project will affect 237 townships and towns , and 101 market towns are expected to be inundated and therefore need to be relocated and rebuilt .
the chengdu - wanzhou high - class highway is currently under an intensified construction section by section , and some of the sections have already been opened to traffic .
the daxian - wanzhou railway will be opened to traffic within this year .
the wanhaha group from hangzhou and the beidou group from wuhan have both made handsome profits in the reservoir areas ever since their entry two years ago .
how to stabilize the country 's current low birthrate is the biggest challenge china is facing in its population control in the new century . this was pointed out by the experts attending the symposium on " china 's low birthrate - - the status quo and the future , " which was held in beijing the other day .
today , a low birthrate has become a basic demographic fact , and the initial formation of the present population situation featured by a low birthrate has marked the beginning of a new development period for china 's population control and family planning .
the issue of population is , in essence , an issue of development , and a stable low birthrate needs to be based on a fundamental change in people 's concept on child birth .
the 10 - year - long sanctions have caused countless harms to iraqi civilians , and this is by no means the original intention or the aim of the security council when it first decided to impose sanctions against iraq .
on its handling of the humanitarian issue , the security council should treat different regions or countries on the same footing ; not only should it avoid politicizing the issue , but it should also avoid adopting a double standard on the issue .
it is an integration of upper , middle and lower reaches and is a wide range of systematic projects of trans - region and trans - industry .
he suggested handling well the relationship between the exploitation of natural gas resources and exploitation of other energies , as well as the relationship between shipping natural gas from western regions to eastern regions and exploitation of natural gas in the east china sea .
during the implementation of the project , we should further open china wider to the outside world , actively utilize foreign investment , and attract international cooperative partners with actual strength to participate in investment , construction and management work .
the project of shipping natural gas from western regions east is one with big investment , a long construction period , and a formidable coordination task , he said .
it is understood that under the approval of the state council , a leading group in charge of the construction of the project was set up . zhang guobao , vice director of the sdpc , was assigned as the group leader .
amid a wave of protests staged by the taiwan public , lee teng - hui ( li denghui ) was compelled to resign from the post of kuomintang chairman and stepped down earlier than planned .
secondly , he sought to control the political power , and had paved the way for the dpp 's rise to power even at the cost of ruining the kmt .
if taiwan compatriots fail to wipe out the pernicious influences of the " two state theory , " taiwan is unlikely to enjoy stability and tranquillity .
the struggle of the chinese nation to oppose taiwan independence and splittism and to realize " one country two systems , and peaceful reunification " will be carried on in a more deepgoing way .
the " editorial " of ta kung pao pointed out that lee teng - hui 's disgraceful end serves as a gave warning to taiwan 's new leaders : anyone who advocates taiwan independence will certainly come to no good end .
during a current period when the cross - straits relations prove extremely uncertain , any unexpected event may take place at any time ; and failure to handle things well will lead to extremely serious consequences .
taiwan 's new leaders are faced with a choice of utmost importance : sticking to the practice of taiwan independence or striking out on a new path , recognizing the principle of " one china , " and improving cross - strait relations ?
amid island - wide opposition and protests , lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] resigned as kuomintang [ kmt ] chairman ahead of time on 24 march .
after learning that lee teng - hui had stepped down , the masses protesting around the kmt headquarters in taipei [ taibei ] celebrated by applauding .
some newspapers in taiwan even described lee teng - hui 's various political measures as " rottener than one another , " and the masses of taiwan have profoundly hated all these .
it was lee teng - hui who , after he took power , played political tricks all the way , cheated the masses , and frequently swallowed his own words , loosing the minimum moral requirements which a political figure should have .
facts show that tricks and deceptions cannot survive for long .
from the very beginning to the end , the game had been manipulated behind the scenes by lee teng - hui . " but , it was so unexpected to him that he had to resign so early , so awkwardly , and in so unpopular a way .
these are the ill consequences of what lee teng - hui had done which have brought about his ouster .
all these should be a lesson for future politicians of taiwan .
barshefsky , hua mei bank president wu chien - ming , chinese consul general an wenbin , and others attended the banquet .
barshefsky made the aforesaid remarks at a speech entitled " the us - chinese trade agreement - - a policy formulated for the security and strategy in the 21 st century . "
no matter how the debate at the congress will turn out , china will join the wto all the same and will , as always , continue its exports to the united states , adding that their only duty is to grant china normal trade relations .
however , it is very important for the congress to grant china a permanent normal trade status .
according to the wto agreement , each member is entitled to a permanent normal trade status .
barshefsky added : we should view the sino - us agreement in a wider sense .
future us - chinese relations will be very important in the strategy for this century .
in the past , we won great victories in revolution and construction by overcoming tremendous difficulties and dangers , because our party persistently educated party members , guided the masses , united people 's minds , and boosted people 's morale with the lofty ideal and with the objectives for the struggle in every historical stage .
at present , this is the main theme for the ideal and belief education .
at the turn of the century , the international situation is complicated , and our country is situated in a critical period of reform and development . the ideological struggle will continue to exist over a long time , and may sometimes become intense .
the guiding position of marxism in the ideological field must be consolidated and strengthened in our country , and no pluralization is allowed .
at present , it is particularly necessary to intensify education in marxist materialism , atheism , and scientific spirit .
whether we can arm the whole party with the correct ideal and belief and rally the people will first depend on whether leading cadres , especially senior and intermediate - level leading cadres , can really maintain the correct ideal and belief .
such negative figures as hu changqing gave us a warning that the vacillation in ideal and belief is the most dangerous vacillation .
profound changes have occurred in the social life of our country in the new period .
ideal and belief education should be combined with efforts to solve the actual difficulties and problems that the masses are facing . the work of educating the masses should be combined with effective services given to the people .
party organizations at all levels should give prominence to ideal and belief education in the course of " three stresses " education , party members ' progressiveness education , education around the subject of " thinking of sources and making progress after getting rich , " and other education activities .
a visit to india was the highlight of clinton 's six - day tour , during which he spent five days in india and stayed for only a few hours in the past us ally , pakistan .
first , the united states tried very hard to talk india into abandoning its nuclear program and into signing the " comprehensive nuclear test ban treaty . "
the united states failed to attain its object of having india sign the treaty during clinton 's visit .
in a meeting between talbottt , us deputy secretary of state , and indian foreign minister singh , the us side failed to persuade india to participate in an international conference on ending the production of fissionable material for nuclear weapons .
second , on the kashmir issue , clinton repeatedly stressed that india and pakistan should end their conflict , restore dialogue , and increase exchanges to gradually iron out differences and ultimately resolve issues .
he indicated that he is willing to act as a mediator for the two sides .
nevertheless , india said it has no intention of resuming talks with pakistan on the kashmir issue in the near future and flatly rejected clinton 's offer of mediation .
indian prime minister atal bihari vajpayee maintained that the countries in the region should settle the issue among themselves .
india , however , indicated that it is unable to do it now because of a tight budget .
one may well say that india gained more than it lost from clinton 's trip .
in addition to securing sizeable aid and investment , india took the opportunity to lobby us officials , enabling the us side to " have a more profound understanding of india 's plight and stand . "
thus , although the united states and india declared that their bilateral ties entered a new era , in fact the path of the new era does not seem to have been paved .
hong kong , 26 mar (zxs) - - with the progress in talks on china 's accession to the world trade organization (wto) , the issue of how to face china 's entry into the wto has recently become the focus of the people 's conversations .
regarding this , high - level officials of the special administrative region have recently expressed one after another that after china 's entry into the wto , its trade and investment activities with other countries of the world will further increase and this will promote economic growth in hong kong .
last year , the total volume of trade between the mainland and hong kong exceeded 1,000 billion hong kong dollars , accounting for nearly 40 percent of hong kong 's total trade volume .
the economic advisers of the hong kong government estimated that after china 's entry into the wto , hong kong 's export related to the mainland will increase by 1.3 percent in 2010 as compared with the present .
chou tak - hay pointed out that after china 's entry into the wto , hong kong 's trade will benefit . besides , hong kong , being a financial center , will continue to play an important role in raising funds for enterprises on the mainland .
to date , a total of 87 mainland enterprises have been listed on the stock exchange , raising as much as 245.6 billion [ monetary unit not specified ] .
hong kong 's position as an international financial center will also help branches of mainland financial institutions in hong kong to expand their overseas financial markets in order to merge with the international framework .
besides , hong kong 's enterprises and the mainland 's operation businessmen can seize the immense space for cooperation in telecommunications and information technology , and can jointly promote the development of china 's information technology infrastructure and e - commerce .
chau tak - hay said that china 's population has exceeded 1.2 billion and the population itself is already a very attractive consumption market .
the best thing to do in supporting hong kong 's efforts to develop a technology - intensive economic system with renovation as its guidance in the 21 st century is to establish closer economic ties with the mainland .
from now on , hong kong 's role is not confined to being mainland 's gate for opening up , but should be acting as an economic system that regards providing service as its guiding factor , and directly takes part in the mainland 's economic development .
the public opinion is that the " vincent siew [ xiao wanchang ] cabinet , " which will resign en masse in a month and a half , should not do so to continually jeopardize the kuomintang 's [ kmt 's ] creditability .
the taiwan " legislative yuan " has bombarded the " vincent siew cabinet " for its continued act of machiavelliansm and stubbornness in carrying out the policy of " guarding against haste and exercising patience . "
as revealed by a public - opinion poll conducted by taiwan 's lienho pao [ united daily news ] , 61 percent of the people approved of the trial - implementation of the " small - scale three links " by the off - shore islands , while only 19 percent opposed it .
in particular , " legislators " elected by the off - shore islands have raised serious warnings against this proposal .
chen ch ' ing - pao , a kmt " legislator " from quemoy , noted that he would quit the party to express his stand if the " executive yuan " dares to file the reconsideration proposal .
together with some " national assembly " delegates elected from the off - shore islands , they visited the " executive yuan " and submitted a six - point statement .
the opening of the " small - scale three links " propelled by the recent adoption of the above - mentioned statute by the " legislative yuan " is a major breakthrough in taiwan 's mainland policy . now , the " executive yuan " has said differently , however .
while strongly criticizing the disregard of reality by the " vincent siew cabinet , " officials and people on the off - shore islands are prepared for a full - scale protest .
" in no way can the people of the offshore islands accept the reconsideration proposal , and if the proposal is passed , the people of all walks of life in penghu will protest further , " stressed su k ' un - hsiung [ su kunxiong ] , speaker of the penghu county council .
by further inference , solving the taiwan issue under the principle of " one china " is an unquestionable moral truth and so both sides of the strait must follow this principle . under this principle , the two sides can be completely equal and will not have the problem of inequality as said by chen shui - bian .
this is the logic of the chinese people as well as the logic of the chinese people in the whole world . it is also the logic publicly recognized by more than 100 countries in the world and the logic based on the resolution adopted by the united nations long time ago .
they recognize the first proposition but do not recognize the second proposition .
according to his logic , jiang zemin and chen shui - bian are in an equal position and the two sides of the strait can start to hold talks immediately .
for peace between the two sides , we earnestly hope that mr. chen shui - bian will stop practicing his unworkable " tai chi chuan [ chinese shadow boxing ) " and genuinely and sincerely think about the right way to open the door for cross - strait talks !
chen shui - bian took the us information seriously and recently sent a " secret envoy " to beijing to express his greatest goodwill and to further understand beijing 's real intention .
if the issue is dealt with too urgently , it could lead to unusual complications in the political situation on the island and instability in the new government , which will not be conducive to the future development of cross - strait relations .
second , the basic principle for taiwan is " peaceful reunification and one country , two systems . "
there must be a basis for talks , that is , recognizing that there is only one china on earth . this is a major principle and there is no room for bargaining .
fifth , chen shui - bian is a representative figure of the taiwan independence forces .
it is beijing 's unswerving position to struggle with and shatter the plot of taiwan independence .
in light of the changing situation in taiwan , beijing will respond and take corresponding measures .
seventh , on the question of taiwan , it is necessary to prepare for both eventualities : we should be determined to fight a war of liberation to shatter taiwan independence , win a local hi - tech war , and win a war to defend the country and to fight against hegemonist military interference and aggression .
a beijing expert on the taiwan issue said that the resolution of the political bureau indicates that beijing will observe chen shui - bian for some time and then take corresponding measures .
sino - u.s. relations may be considered the most important bilateral relationship in the asian - pacific region .
because there are significant differences between china and the united states with regard to their national interests , social systems , level of economic development , and cultural traditions , it is inevitable that various contradictions and friction will crop up in relations between the two countries .
at the same time , both countries have also decided not to target the other with their respective strategic nuclear weapons .
in addition , both countries have also agreed to make a joint effort to maintain peace and stability on the korean peninsula and in south asia .
in recent years , there have been rapid developments in sino - russian relations .
in addition to maintaining the stable development of bilateral relations , both countries have also enhanced their cooperation in the area of arms control , actively promoting the trend to a multipolar situation in the world and also establishing a bilateral strategic cooperation and partnership relationship for the 21 st century .
although there are various problems in relations between the united states and russia , on the whole bilateral cooperation is the primary aspect .
the negative impact of the readjustment of relations between the united states and japan on peace and stability in the asian - pacific region has been rather significant , but enhanced economic cooperation between the two benefits regional prosperity and stability .
some progress has also been made in sino - japanese relations .
the chinese head of state has already visited japan , indicating that relations between the two countries are basically stable .
however , the strategic foundation of cooperation among the major powers will undergo some stiff tests .
at the end of 1999 , the committee on international relations in the house of representatives also passed the so - called " taiwan security enhancement act , " making an all - out effort to draw taiwan into the u.s. - japan tmd system .
in particular , in recent days the right wing in japan has openly denied the nanjing massacre , and the japanese diet is also preparing to revise the constitution .
increasingly intense struggle between old and new views of security ; wider models of cooperative security serious differences exist between the various countries with regard to what approach to use in establishing peace and stability in the asian - pacific region .
countries like china and russia advocate the establishment of a new concept of security , stressing that the security of a given country cannot be established on the basis of the insecurity of another country , using the approach of cooperative security to safeguard regional peace and stability .
to this end , the strategic cooperation and partnership relationship established by china and russia is of a non - alliance , non - confrontational nature , and is not targeted at any third party countries at all .
china and india have already reached an agreement for the establishment of military territory confidence building measures along the line of actual control (lac) in the border regions .
at present , arf ( asean regional forum ) is the largest forum for multilateral security dialogues in the asian - pacific region .
the first level is the promotion of confidence building measures ; the second level is the development of preventive diplomatic mechanisms ; and the third level is the establishment of conflict resolution mechanisms .
at present arf is primarily involved in the first level .
because there are various historical and realistic contradictions among the countries of the asian - pacific region , the establishment of confidence building measures conforms to the realities of the region and benefits regional stability .
senior military leaders from the united states have visited japan and south korea on numerous occasions , coordinating the positions of the three countries .
because there are substantial differences between the old and new views of security with regard to strategic goals , modes of cooperation , and cooperation mechanisms , and because they also reflect the different strategic concepts and intentions of various countries , the struggle between these two views of security will be a prolonged one .
nuclear arms development is emerging quietly , and it is becoming more difficult to prevent the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
since 1998 , india and pakistan in the asian - pacific region have conducted a succession of nuclear tests , in effect bringing both countries into the ranks of nuclear states .
as everyone knows , the technology for abm systems is still primarily based on ballistic missile technology , and tmd primarily involves the use of ballistic missiles to intercept other ballistic missiles , so the technology is perfectly capable of being turned to offensive goals .
the tmd development on the part of the united states and the claim that they will employ armed force to protect taiwan are essentially strategic steps to check china .
along with economic development the mutual economic reliance of various countries has intensified , and the prosperity of any given country is inseparable from the economic development of the entire region .
from an overall perspective , for a certain time to come , maintaining stability will still be the main trend in the asian - pacific region .
the strategic relationships among the major powers are relatively stable , which has reduced the uncertainty in relations among these countries and has also created a tacit agreement among them not to use armed force to resolve their differences , and therefore the likelihood of a large - scale conflict breaking out in the area is relatively small .
however , in comparison to the initial period following the cold war , destabilizing factors in the region are on the rise , and these factors can still lead to the deterioration of the situation in the overall region .
by february this year , the average opec crude oil price had risen to $ 26.84 per barrel . it even rose sharply to $ 31.26 per barrel on 7 march , marking a highest price since the 1990 gulf crisis .
judging from a long - term point of view , however , it is also detrimental to oil exporters because excessively high oil price would ultimately lead to shrunken demand .
according to relevant experts , this is another reason for the different views on increasing production emerging within opec .
concerning the time for increasing the output and the decision on the increase volume , analysts maintain that in view of the seasonal weak market demand in the second quarter and the inevitable oil price decline as a result of overproduction , the daily increase volume should be lower than 1 million barrels .
in the proved crude oil reserves throughout the world , opec possesses 76.6 percent , and its export volume accounts for 55 percent of the trade volume of the world market .
under the current situation , therefore , it will be a major test for opec ministers whether they can coordinate their stance , strengthen unity , and make sure both the interests of oil producers are safeguarded and the international oil market is stabilized .
judging the hour and sizing up the situation in a flexible manner after the outbreak of the asian financial crisis in july 1997 , many countries successively asked for aid from international financial organizations .
for instance , these countries did not apply the same methods in straightening out the banking order . the banks whose assets could not offset their debts were not forced to close down immediately ; instead , they merged with others or closed down according to the degree of impact .
the east asian countries relied mainly on their people 's higher savings deposits for development . therefore , during the crisis , they were still able to maintain certain economic growth rates with flexible methods , such as mobilizing domestic funds and pioneering domestic markets .
however , under the situation featured by under - supply and sluggish individual consumption , the retrenchment policy did not work in some countries or could not last long even though it was applied in some countries .
in fact , instead of retrenchment methods , the east asian countries applied positive methods , such as expansionary fiscal policy , to stimulate consumption and to achieve economic recovery .
in 1999 , the thai government also worked out a package of fiscal measures , involving $ 6.5 billion , to stimulate consumption and expand exports .
in the past few years , the philippines increased budgeted expenditures by 21.9 billion pesos , thus making its financial deficits four times the original budgetary figure .
after the outbreak of the financial crisis , the rok was quite honest in observing its agreement with the imf . it carried out the highly financial retrenchment policy , increased tax revenues , reduced expenditures , and closed down , merged , or straightened out the banking institutions that did not reach bis standards .
but after less than half a year 's implementation , president kim tae - chung declared that the rok would no longer enforce the economic retrenchment policy and was going to stimulate economic development with measures such as expanding currency supplies , increasing expenditures , promoting domestic consumption , and reducing the interest rates of bank loans .
at the end of 1998 , japan began implementing the proactive fiscal policy and the unbalanced budget , slashed income taxes and taxes for legal persons , and increased public investment by issuing a large amount of treasury bonds , in an effort to promote the economic recovery .
the east asian economy relies greatly on exports . therefore , export increase plays an extremely noticeable role in reviving the economy . electronics and manufacturing industries are major export sectors of east asia . the export of such products will fuel the overall economic growth .
after the outbreak of the financial crisis , enterprise bankruptcies , slump markets , and sharp increases in unemployment appeared in many east asian countries .
most of the employees and employers resolved problems through dialogue and coordination .
the governments streamlined their structures and reduced the workforce to minimize expenses . trade unions accepted " flexible labor markets " and accommodated a number of laid - off workers . industries were exchanged and realigned among enterprises and consortiums .
such a kind of unity and cooperation among the people from higher levels downward throughout the whole country created a good social environment for the economic recovery of korea .
paying attention to reform and displaying initiative in readjustment after the outbreak of the financial crisis , the reform trend of comprehensively readjusting the national economy , with the financial reform as a starting point , was generally arising in east asia .
in the course of reforming the banking institutions , the thai government successively closed down 56 banking institutions and took over four commercial banks and seven banking companies . at the same time , korea forced 91 banking institutions to suspend business and enabled nine comparatively large banks to merge with one another .
the industrial restructuring was more important to east asia .
greatest efforts were made in the enterprise reform and the tasks for enterprise reform were most arduous .
at present , large enterprise groups in korea vie with one another for " shrinking . " through sales and transfers , many enterprises subordinate to these consortiums completely become independent enterprises .
the signs show that , under a series of macroeconomic regulation and control policies in recent years to expand domestic demand and stimulate consumption , china 's consumer market prices have rebounded , and this rising trend is expected to continue .
1 ) service prices will rise markedly , to play a leading role in the rise of overall prices .
2 ) capital goods prices will rise slightly , to play a slight driving role on overall prices . besides , farm product and manufactured consumer goods prices will both stay balanced , to play a stabilizing role on overall prices .
since the last half of 1997 , the chinese economy has been subject to a consumption slump and a sustained price decline .
for many years , the extensive growth of the national economy had made the economic structure quite irrational .
on the supply side , china is focusing on speeding up the adjustment and reorganization of its domestic economic structure .
at the same time , armament production accounted for a rather large proportion of its gross domestic product , reaching 8 percent , according to official pronouncements , and 25 percent , according to estimates made by scholars .
some sectors , such as the machine building industry , devoted 70 percent of their capacity to armament production .
the former soviet union erred in regard to its understanding of the position and role of tertiary industries , had deep - rooted notions of emphasizing production and slighting circulation , and regarded service sectors as nonproductive spheres , resulting in the prolonged backwardness of the tertiary industries .
the value of output of goods constituted a large proportion of its gross domestic product , while the value of output of services constituted a small proportion .
according to data provided by the russian state statistical commission , the value of output of services constituted 35.9 percent of the gross domestic product in 1991 ; but the figure was only 24 percent , according to statistics published by the russian economics ministry .
basic industries have become " sunset industries , " and the high - and new - technology industries , especially information technology and industry , have boomed on the basis of the foundation provided by the basic industries and have been developing rapidly .
in russia there have been three views and plans on changing from being military - oriented to being civilian oriented , that is , the " gradualist " approach to changing products , the " avalanche " approach to changing products , and the " slowing down " approach to changing products .
with the transition to a market economy , the basic completion of small privatization , and the emergence and development of market - based service entities , russia 's tertiary industries have developed rapidly , accounting for a growing share of the gross domestic product , while the shares of the primary and secondary industries have declined .
relatedly , the relationship of proportion between the mining industry and the processing industry has also become more unbalanced .
this shows that russia 's industrial structure has not succeeded in shaking off its characters of being heavy and low efficiency , but , instead , has become even heavier ; industrial production is not oriented toward final products , but has a strong raw - material character .
the deformed industrial structure has determined the anti - industrialization tendency of russia 's foreign trade structure , resulting in a situation of a low - standard circle of exporting energy and raw materials ( constituting 75 percent of exports ) in exchange for foodstuffs and consumer goods ( constituting 30 - 50 percent of imports ) .
the main task for this phase will be to expand investment and to follow a sound structural policy , so as to stimulate rapid economic growth .
to change the abnormal state of structural changes in the previous period , the putin government has emphasized that its is necessary to shake off the lasting crisis as soon as possible and to stimulate rapid economic growth first and , then , to carry out sound economic structural adjustments on the basis of rapid economic growth .
in today 's world , putin emphasized , the popularization and application of new knowledge and new technologies account for 90 percent of economic growth .
therefore , " the government 's industrial policy is to give priority to the development of sectors with leading positions in the area of scientific and technological progress , " while taking account of the reality of the existing economic structure and advantage - enjoying industrial sectors .
russia 's rejuvenation , putin pointed out , will not be possible without the rejuvenation of russia 's rural areas and the revitalization of agriculture .
the state will earnestly help the agricultural sector and will also help millions of farmers , so that they will provide the state with high - quality products .
according to the original arrangements of the central authorities , guangdong has the mission of giving unit - to - unit assistance to guangxi , guizhou , and tibet , which will be further carried out appropriately under the guiding ideology of the policy decision on the grand western development .
guangdong should take the grand western development as a new opportunity for self - development and participate in the development by using market economic methods .
this work is under hectic preparations . the provincial government has planned to enlist some guangdong entrepreneurs to make an observation tour of xian next month .
according to the policy decision on the grand western development , the central authorities have set higher demands on the eastern region .
when general secretary jiang inspected the work in guangdong shortly ago , he called on guangdong to create new advantages , scale new heights , and take the lead in basically achieving the socialist modernization , clearly pointing out guangdong 's direction of the cross - century development .
through the accelerated development , guangdong will take the lead in basically achieving modernization , so that it can provide more tax revenue and hand in more foreign exchange to the state , transfer payments for the state , and provide a solid material foundation for giving support to the western development .
in the course of taking the lead to basically achieve modernization , guangdong will continue to march at the head of the country in several spheres and provide fresh experience for the country 's reform and opening up , which is also a powerful support to the western development .
the people of the entire province , from top to bottom , must take this important four - point instruction as a powerful dynamic and ideological weapon to promote their work in various fields and to put into effect the party central committee 's policy decision on the grand western development with actual deeds .
the two documents emphasize an important thought : reform and blazing new trails .
reform and blazing new trails should be included in the task of strengthening and improving ideological and political work . they are also necessary requirements for allowing ideological and political work to function as a lifeline in the new situation .
the basic theories , strategies , principles and systems for ideological and political work formed in our long - term activities of understanding and remolding society with their own initiatives have been our political advantages in the past , now and in the future . we must from beginning to end stick to them .
however , some concrete policies , systems , working content and measures must change as the situation , our tasks and the social environment change , and they must develop as the times develop .
in the new situation of reform , opening up and developing a socialist market economy , the diversification of economic sectors , economic interests , social lifestyles , social organizations , posts in society as well as the employment situation brings a series of new conditions and problems in and raises higher requirements for ideological and political work .
however , the current ideological and political work , to some extent , has not yet adapted to the diversification . this is a relatively outstanding contradiction .
the goal of our emphasis on strengthening and improving ideological and political work , on reform and on opening up is to better solve this contradiction and to promote the development and perfecting of ideological and political work under the premise of sticking to our fundamental principles and systems .
if we fail to make progress , reform or blaze new trails when the times develop , we will not be able to maintain the vigor and vitality of ideological and political work or to complete the historical tasks of providing strong spiritual motivation for wars and reliable political assurance for not changing the quality .
reforming and blazing new trails in our ideological and political work demands emancipating our thoughts .
they must start from things that they are doing and they can do , gradually accumulate achievements in reform , and develop forward steadily and solidly .
the central authorities have decided to implement the strategy for large - scale development of the western region , and the advance has been sounded .
this is one of the advantages we enjoy when joining the program of large - scale development of the western region .
our region is even not qualified to be rated at all in terms of various economic development indicators . this is the true case of tibet , not in terms of the aggregate economic size alone .
since our region has a small population , our aggregate economic size is of course not comparable to those provinces whose aggregate economic size each is several times or even several tens of times larger than ours .
to be sure , tibet 's falling behind by far the country 's average development standard is due to both historical and natural factors . however , we must not lay the blame on objective factors alone . after all we need to calmly and realistically analyze subjective and operational factors as well .
to seize this opportunity offered by the large - scale development of the western region , we certainly must resolutely break away from unenlightened and conservative concepts and overcome the mentality of inertia .
to close a gap equivalent to decades of development and to make up the deficiencies of this plateau region are by no means easy .
we can hardly achieve it without a special opportunity . in proposing the strategy of large - scale development of the western region , the central authorities are now offering an opportunity for us to narrow and close the gap in development between our region and other provinces and municipalities .
what new features does the current opportunity have in the large - scale development of the western region , as compared with those opportunities before ?
the central authorities did give several special opportunities to tibet in the past .
the very primary and key factor for tibet to participate sooner and more efficiently in the large - scale development of the western region lies in whether organizations and leading cadres at all levels in the tibet autonomous region can keep up a positive and enterprising spirit .
we should not take the old road in large - scale development .
neither should we totally copy the mode of having other provinces or regions build projects for tibet , which was the method practiced after the second and third conferences on tibet affairs .
while considering acquiring state investment to help us run infrastructure projects , we should also consider other policies and measures , seeking lateral association with all sectors and encouraging and attracting enterprises from other parts of the country and from abroad to invest in resource development projects in this region .
we may put some development projects on the market .
lh2703putin beijing , 27 march ( xinhua ) - - on 27 march , on the occasion of vladimir putin 's election as president of the russian federation , prc president jiang zemin sent a congratulatory telegram to putin .
i highly admire the vigorous efforts you have made in developing sino - russian relations , am ready to establish a good working relationship and personal friendship with you , and jointly promote the constant expansion and deepening of strategic cooperation between our two countries .
may you score greater successes in this lofty post and may the country of russia , our friendly neighbor , prosper and its people enjoy happiness in the new century .
china 's wto membership will probably bring challenges to its economy in four respects .
they are : challenge to the international competitiveness of some trades and enterprises in china ; challenge to the chinese government 's management system ; challenge to china 's efforts to upgrade industrial structure ; challenge to china 's ability in exercising macroeconomic regulation and control .
speed up reform of the financial and banking structure to ensure a faster economic growth .
step up reform of the government management structure and gradually improve the market economy 's foundation of rule by law .
vigorously implement the strategy of " invigorating the country with science and education " to speed up upgrading the industrial structure .
it is necessary to increase government input in r & d by a large margin .
we must unswervingly , actively and steadily continue to press forward with opening up to the outside world .
only in this way will it be possible for us to make the best use of the development opportunities brought about by , and reduce the impact of , our " accession to the wto . "
moscow , 27 march ( xinhua ) - - the preliminary results of the russian presidential election have shown that acting president putin has won 52.52 percent of the votes , thus defeating his rival with a massive lead and becoming the third elected russian president .
putin 's election victory was not accidental . it shows that the voters have recognized his official achievements and placed , in the meantime , new hopes on him .
putin 's election victory has been determined by a variety of factors .
second , during the period when he served as the prime minister and later the acting president , the country 's economic situation witnessed a turn for the better and the trend of decline , which had lasted for almost 10 years , was reversed .
last year , russia 's gdp rose by 3.2 percent . this year , russia 's industrial production has displayed a stronger momentum of growth .
fourth , putin has advocated taking the road of building a prosperous country and a strong nation .
he also stood for a legal system and called for resolutely cracking down on graft , corruption , and other criminal activities and restricting the oligarchic forces from interfering with politics .
he has stood for building a strong country ; regaining national dignity ; and formulating foreign policies by proceeding from the domestic interests .
fifth , putin is in the prime of life and has a firm will and has thus cultivated a fine image in public .
having experienced upheavals for 10 years , the russian public is anxious to see stability and many people have placed hopes on putin .
it should be noted that the other nine candidates each received between 5.58 percent and 0.08 percent of the votes . therefore , there was no such situation that the votes were excessively scattered and putin received less than 50 percent of votes .
having been elected the president , putin is expected to face a series of rigorous challenges .
at present , though having picked up , the country 's economy has not yet extricated itself from a crisis .
besides , the burden is heavy and the road is long for eliminating graft and corruption and cracking down on organized crimes .
in recent years , the dprk has sustained serious natural calamities and come across temporary economic difficulties in the course of persisting in national construction through independence and self - reliance .
the united states and other countries have also time and again brought pressure to bear on the dprk over the nuclear and missile issues .
under such circumstances , the dprk diplomacy , which is growing active with each passing day , has created a favorable international environment for the dprk development .
last june , kim yong nam , chairman of the standing committee of the dprk supreme people 's assembly , paid an official and friendly visit to china with the result that the two countries resumed bilateral exchange of high - level visits .
last october , chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan paid a visit to the dprk where he attended the activities marking the 50 th anniversary of the establishment of the sino - dprk diplomatic relations .
on 5 march of this year , dprk supreme leader kim jong - il paid at invitation a visit to the chinese embassy in the dprk , which showed that the dprk is determined to strengthen its friendly relations of cooperation with china .
the sound development of the sino - dprk relations has positively contributed to the maintenance of peace , stability , and security on the korean peninsula and in the region .
in recent years , the united states has readjusted its policies towards the dprk . while carrying out a policy of containment , the united states has stepped up its dialogues with the dprk .
after a " missile crisis " broke out between the dprk and the united states , the dprk undertook to temporarily freeze its missile development program , thereby creating conditions for the united states to announce the lifting of its economic sanctions against the dprk , which had lasted for half a century .
in october of last year , after william perry submitted to the us congress the newly revised policies towards the dprk , the two sides stepped up bilateral diplomatic contacts .
invited by the dprk , a delegation of the japanese political parties , led by former japanese prime minister murayama , paid a visit to the dprk where the two sides reached a three - point agreement on improving relations between the two countries .
after the visit , the japanese government announced its comprehensive lifting of sanctions against the dprk .
recently , the dprk and japan have decided through consultation to resume as of the first 10 days of april the talks , which have been suspended for more than seven years , between the two governments on establishing diplomatic relations , .
having been readjusted for years , the dprk - russian relations have of late made marked headway .
the two sides have signed " the dprk - russian treaty on friendly and good - neighborly cooperation , " replacing " the dprk - russian treaty on friendly cooperation and mutual assistance " signed in 1961 .
while enhancing or readjusting its relations with the neighboring big powers , the dprk has also further enlarged its diplomatic space .
in february of this year , invited by the dprk , an australian delegation paid a visit to the dprk where the two sides discussed the question of restoring diplomatic relations , which have been suspended for 25 years .
the dprk and the philippines have also had contacts aimed at restoring diplomatic relations on an earlier date .
china 's exports amounted to $ 494 million , a year - on - year increase of 141.5 percent , and imports amounted to $ 644 million , a year - on - year increase of 49.6 percent .
kazakh ambassador to china k. sultanov pointed out in an exclusive interview with our reporters that the tremendous progress made in bilateral trade between kazakhstan and china should be attributed to the concern and support shown by kazakh president nazarbayev and chinese president jiang zemin and other leaders of both countries .
the ambassador said : " the friendly partnership established between the leaders of both countries has not only provided an important guarantee for economic and trade cooperation between kazakhstan and china but has instilled new vitality to its continuous development . "
meanwhile , relations of good - neighborly and friendly cooperation have been continuously consolidated and strengthened in the eight years since the establishment of sino - kazakh diplomatic ties , and consensus has been reached on major issues in their bilateral relations .
the good political relations between the two countries provides a solid foundation for economic and trade cooperation between the two countries and opens wide prospects for further cooperation .
the chinese and kazakh economies are complementary in many respects and there is a huge potential for bilateral economic and trade cooperation .
china has changed from a petroleum - exporting country into a net oil importer since 1993 .
experts predict that by 2010 , oil import may amount to 40 percent of china 's total annual consumption .
thus , they pointed out that in addition to buying oil , china should make positive efforts to take part in the exploitation of foreign petroleum resources as a means of obtaining new oil sources in order to overcome oil shortages at home .
people in the industry believe that xinjiang should continue to bring into play its leading role in sino - kazakh economic and trade ties in getting other provinces , especially the coastal regions , to develop trade with kazakhstan .
after this , another spokesperson of the us " falungong " chapter zhang erping [ 1728 5079 1627 ] who was also sitting at the table in front asked the journalists to field their questions , but pointed out that they could only direct their questions to the four " victims . "
however , the expressions on the face of the journalists showed that no one believed such nonsense .
another woman journalist asked : " what is your purpose coming here to stage activities during the human rights conference ? "
li hongzhi claimed that " falungong " had nothing to do with politics . the fact is , " falungong " had been very active supporting the anti - china activities of western countries .
when us secretary of state madeleine albright wantonly slandered against and attacked china 's human rights conditions at the human rights session on 23 march , some " falungong " members worked closely with her by holding another gathering on the square .
she said she did not understand what " falungong " practitioners were doing .
holding the " falungong " press conference circular in hand , a guangming ribao reporter asked : " your circular asks : who is afraid of ' falungong ' ?
in my opinion , it is the people , of course , because ' falungong ' is a cult .
last night ( 19 th ) we saw on television the tragic story of the collective self - burning of cult followers in uganda , africa . similar incidents have also occurred in switzerland and france .
a correspondent from jingji ribao stood up and asked to see pictures of people who killed themselves by slitting their belly , jumping off buildings , hanging themselves and slashing their wrist practicing " falungong " as well as videotapes of victims who made exposures against " falungong , " so that the reporters present could make comparisons .
the " falungong " members hastened to prevent this and refused to show the chinese videotapes .
at the end , there were not as many people in the press gallery as those in front .
beijing , 27 mar ( xinhua ) - - foreign ministry spokesman sun yuxi spoke this afternoon about the election of putin as president of russia .
sun yuxi said : on 26 march , russia held a general election for the presidency , and putin was elected president of the russian federation .
this election result reflects the aspirations and expectations of the broad masses of the russian people .
president jiang zemin has sent a telegram to putin expressing heartfelt congratulations for his election on behalf of the chinese government and the chinese people .
we sincerely hope that , under president putin 's leadership , russia will have social stability and economic development , and the people will live and work in peace and contentment .
we believe that with the direct promotion of the heads of state of china and russia , and with the joint efforts of the two sides , sino - russian relations will develop continuously in the new century .
beijing , 27 mar ( xinhua ) - - lee teng - hui [ li denghui ] , who was arrogant for a time , finally has been compelled to step down ahead of time amid the angry current of people denouncing him in all parts of taiwan .
how could lee teng - hui , the initiator of evils , have not fallen from power ?
today , his true colors have finally been thoroughly exposed within the kuomintang and before the taiwan people and he has become a person hated by everyone .
all this shows history will decide which is right and which is wrong and the people know what is right and what is wrong .
in the end , he ate his own bitter fruit . his miserable end has given enlightenment to the people of the world : anyone who seeks " taiwan independence " and a split will absolutely come to no good end no matter who that person may be !
the growth of the " taiwan independence " forces have intensified tension in the cross - strait relations . the broad masses of taiwan people are worried not only about the future of the development of the cross - strait relations , but also about taiwan 's security .
we have consistently proposed holding cross - strait dialogue and talks with the prerequisite of the one - china principle and whatever issue can be discussed .
however , if the one - china principle is negated or evaded , there is no way to talk about improving the cross - strait relations , holding cross - strait political talks , or exchanging visits between leaders on two sides of the strait .
we have always looked at the essence of matters .
if his successor follows the same old disastrous road and negates the one - china principle , he will not be able to cover up his true colors of " taiwan independence " no matter how he may disguise himself .
he applauded china 's developing friendly relations with asean countries , including the philippines .
qian shugen said : the purpose of the chinese military delegation 's visit to the philippines at a time marking the 25 th anniversary of the establishment of sino - philippine diplomatic relations is to " enhance mutual understanding , strengthen mutual trust , develop friendship , and promote cooperation . "
the chinese military delegation , led by qian shugen , arrived in the philippines on 26 march at the invitation of the philippine armed forces for a five - day visit .
president jiang zemin this afternoon made a hot - line phone call to putin , who was just elected russian president . jiang zemin extended warm congratulations to putin on his being elected and expressed his appreciation to putin for his efforts to ensure steady development of sino - russian relations while he was acting russian president .
jiang zemin said that both the fundamental interests of china and russia and the two countries ' special responsibility for the world demand that the two countries keep on strengthening and deepening the sino - russian strategic cooperation relationship .
president jiang zemin also expressed the belief that , with common efforts of the two sides , sino - russian relations definitely will develop even better in the new century .
putin expressed his heart - felt thanks for this .
he said : you are the first foreign leader to extend congratulations to me . developing and deepening our strategic cooperation relationship with china is a firmly - held foreign policy of russia .
i also believe that russian - chinese relations will develop in an all - round manner in the new century .
we will not only need to solve the legacy problems left over from history , but also need to face new issues in the development of the times .
however , as long as we persistently carry out reforms and pursue opening - up , and adhere to the path of building socialism with chinese characteristics and persistently made advances through development , then it is certain that we will be able to properly solve these problems step by step .
the forum with the theme of " china 2010 : goals , policies , and future prospects " was jointly organized and sponsored by the state council 's development research center and shenzhen development bank .
at the two - day meeting , domestic and well - known foreign scholars , responsible people of some international economic organizations , and leaders of some transnational companies will discuss such issues as china 's economic development goals and china 's participation in wto .
in these new and high - tech zones , production of scale is implemented through joint promotion of the government and market and through bringing together talents , funds , and technology ; and development of the regional economy has been brought along as a result .
so far , many new and high - tech industrial belts which have begun to take shape have been formed in such regions as the areas along the chang jiang in jiangsu ; the areas along the beijing , tianjin , and tanggu railway ; the zhu jiang delta ; and the central shannxi plain .
he stressed : it is necessary to comprehensively advance and deepen the reform of the medical and public health system so that the masses can enjoy good - quality basic medical services with comparatively low prices .
on 25 march , in the company of zhang lichang , secretary of the tianjin municipal cpc committee , and li shenglin , mayor of tianjin , li lanqing inspected the third central hospital of tianjin , and held a discussion meeting on the reform of the medicine and public health system in the hospital .
he said : the general office of the state council recently transferred the " guiding opinions on the reform of the medicine and public health management system in cities " drafted by the eight ministries and state commissions , and this is a guidance document on the reform of the medicine and public health system .
second , a hospital 's pharmacy should conduct accounting separated from the hospital proper . their revenues and expenditures should be managed separately . the government will provide subsidies for non - profit - making hospitals .
third , hospitals ' internal management should be improved .
when seeking medical care in a hospital , a patient should have the right to select doctors and nurses . at the same time , the income distribution system should be reformed so that better work can be linked to better income , and more work can be linked to more income .
in this regard , reforms in the third central hospital of tianjin were successful , and its experience should be popularized .
fourth , medical resources should be reasonably reorganized so that advantages can complement each other and can be brought into full play .
after the first central hospital of tianjin and other hospitals organized a hospital group , and achieved marked results .
fifth , hospital logistics should be shifted to society , so that hospitals can lessen their burdens and lower the costs of logistics service , thus enhancing their service quality .
on 26 march , li lanqing held talks with responsible people of the educational , public security , and propaganda departments and some middle and primary schools in tianjin .
in tianjin customs administration , li lanqing visited the import - export container inspection system developed by qinghua university . the equipment holds a leading position in the world .
li lanqing also inspected the work of industrializing science and technology in nankai university and tianjin university , and inspected tianjin 's economic and technological development zone and the work of community services for the elderly . he also held a discussion meeting on reforming tertiary education .
accompanying vice premier li lanqing were the following departmental leaders : duojicairan , zhang tianbao , wang longde , liu jin , and li jiange .
a statement issued by us white house spokesman lockhart after the talks said that the talks were earnest and fruitful , but that the differences between syria and israel were still quite large , with the american side pressing the two sides to work hard to reduce their differences .
however , the syrian side indicated that the obstacles set up by israel for resuming peace talks still exist .
syria consistently demands that israel carry out the united nations security council resolution number 242 , withdrawing from the golan heights to the pre-1967 six day war line of actual control between the two sides .
the problem of security arrangements .
the problem of water resources .
from perspective , which presently regards tiberias lake as a " domestic lake , " this is without a doubt a huge loss .
because of this , whether or not the peace talks between syria and israel can resume and develop in the near future , hinges to a great degree on whether or not they can find a reasonable plan to solve the problems of dividing the border and water resource distribution .
beijing , 27 mar - - at the china development forum held here today , shi guangsheng , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , said : both the bilateral talks and the multilateral process for china 's accession to the world trade organization (wto) have entered a final stage .
he pointed out that after joining the wto , china , as a responsible great power , will , together with other wto members , play a constructive role in promoting economic and trade cooperation among wto members , working out multilateral trade rules , and expediting the establishment of a new international economic order .
he said china will also participate in the new round of wto talks , step up mutual coordination among member countries , and allow more countries , including developing ones , to share the opportunities and benefits brought by the multilateral trade regime and achieve common development .
more than three months ago , during his term of office as prime minister , putin was handpicked by yeltsin as his successor .
since yeltsin announced that the general election was to be held ahead of time , other candidates were hastily fielded . meanwhile , putin , as the acting president , could make use of various advantages for his presidential race .
the result is that putin has been successfully elected president , and that russia has a new president for a new millenium .
the old and feeble yeltsin frequently replaced the premier , with a record of changing the premier thrice in a year .
internationally , russia has been reduced to a second - class country .
under this situation , a young , energetic , pragmatic , and capable putin , who was born in 1952 , has enjoyed widespread popularity in russia . last year when putin acted as prime minister , he took resolute action and ordered that the russian army recover chechnya occupied by illegal armed forces .
although the russian army suffered heavy casualties , this move received the support of the people and the military .
for the first time last year russia recorded the first economic growth in years , and its inflation declined from 84 percent in 1998 to 36 percent ; price hikes in oil dramatically drove up russia 's foreign exchange revenue .
the move also enjoyed tremendous popular support . after being appointed acting president , putin signed an order guaranteeing that no action will be taken against yeltsin and his family . on the other hand , he apparently distanced himself from yeltsin , as evidenced by his policy and personnel arrangements .
he emphasized that russia will neither return to the era of the soviet union nor pursue wholesale westernization ; instead , it will take the path of a powerful nation with russian characteristics .
his chief aides and assistants are middle - aged highly - educated elite without clear ideological coloring . they stress national interest in formulating and implementing policy .
all of this is evidently different from the era of yeltsin . this is also an important reason why the voters opted for putin .
after winning the election , putin pointed out that one should not expect a miracle soon after his election , but that he will work hard for russia 's future .
he endorses china 's position on the taiwan issue . he supports neither " taiwan independence " nor " two chinas , " nor " one china , one taiwan . " it does not allow taiwan to join international organizations to which only sovereign states are admitted , neither does it provide weapons for taiwan .
in accordance with a sino - russian agreement , putin will make a visit to china in may. it can be expected that the sino - russian strategic cooperative partnership [ zhong e zhao lue xie zuo huo ban guan xi 0022 0192 2069 3970 0588 0155 0129 0133 7070 4762 ] will witness stable development .
the united states interfered in russia 's internal affairs and tried to intimidate russia into halting its military action in chechya . putin did not attention at all to the us threat .
a russian - us conflict is hard to avoid .
history has given putin an important opportunity , and whether russia can restore its prestige under his leadership will be a major issue for him .
during the talks , fu quanyou set forth china 's view on the current international situation and gave briefings on china 's foreign policy .
on the issue of bilateral relations , fu quanyou said that in recent years , the favorable momentum has been maintained in the development of sino - german ties , and that cooperation and exchanges between the two sides have been unceasingly expanded in various fields .
the constant development of friendly cooperative military ties has increased mutual understanding and trust .
china is willing to make joint efforts with germany to further develop the friendly exchanges and cooperative relationship between the chinese and german armed forces at different levels and in various fields .
von jisabahe noted that fu quanyou 's trip , the first visit to germany by the chief of general staff of the chinese armed forces , is a milestone in the history of german - sino military relations .
he stressed that developing the german - china friendly cooperative military relationship is in the interest of the two countries and is of great significance for safeguarding world security and stability .
that day fu quanyou also met with stigler , german defense ministry secretary for national affairs , and briefed him on china 's views on international affairs and the development of sino - german ties .
fu added that one of the purposes of his trip to germany was to learn from and use the german military 's advanced experiences for reference .
the chinese armed forces are willing to intensify exchanges with the german military , learn from each other , and further develop the friendly cooperative relationship .
apart from bilateral talks , he will also visit german military academies and units .
from a political perspective , the kosovo war demonstrated that the united states ' attempt to dominate the world after the end of the cold war had become more and more evident and the " neo - interventionism " had been further intensified .
the enormous superiority that the united states holds in the field of military technology has aroused the desire of its interventionism and caused it to inflate even further .
the kosovo war demonstrated that the united states ' manpower was insufficient to fight two large - scale theater wars that took place almost at the same time .
high technology still has many weaknesses when it tackles lower technology . in particular , when the enemy have a high morale and use flexible operational methods , the effectiveness of high - technology weapons will be greatly weakened .
in the gulf war , where first signs of informationized warfare began to emerge , the us armed forces did not have much informationized equipment ; it had but very limited means to capture and transfer battlefield information ; and precision guidance munitions only accounted for 8.4 percent of the total munitions used .
by the time the war in kosovo broke out , the percentage of informationized equipment that the us army had had reached 53 percent and , for its navy and air force , as much as 70 percent .
as an alliance , nato must obtain unanimous consent from all its members before any military action can be taken , but one can imagine that reaching a political consensus on a war of aggression to interfere in another country 's internal affairs could not have been an easy job .
besides , in consideration of the various domestic political factors of the allies , nato was also compelled to maintain the stability of the alliance by sacrificing the effectiveness of military strikes and increasing the budget for operations .
but with unfavorable terrain and weather conditions , it was impossible to effectively attack mobile tactical targets and concealed targets at such altitudes , let alone tell genuine and false targets apart .
in the kosovo war , the us army put the theory of " nonsymmetrical operations " through its paces .
the united states deployed all its most advanced high - technology aerospace weapons and operational support systems to strike all kinds of ground targets of the fry in an all - out manner .
" parallel operation " is also a new campaign operation theory put forward by the us army . at the heart of this theory is the simultaneous aerial offensive of various kinds to strike the enemy 's strategic , campaign , and tactical targets .
from " desert storm " to " desert fox " and then to " allied force , " the role of high - technology air power in winning a war has been confirmed time and time again and such role has become increasingly evident .
the future air - raid operations will take on a brand - new format of combat . it will be initiated from the other end of this planet and will utilize all military resources , including space - based weapon systems and computer networks .
therefore , counter - air - raid operations must not confine themselves to striking only those planes that have come near or cruise missiles that have come right before one 's eyes .
the counter - air - raid operations must have the means to resist a variety of threats .
the united states led nato to conduct military intervention in the ethnic dispute inside the fry and to openly support the " kosovo liberation army , " a terrorist and splittist organization . this created a bad precedent in supporting national splittism and terrorist activities in the domain of international relations .
this is something that all freedom and peace - loving people all over the world have to be very wary of .
in ending , the commercial called on congressmen to vote against the bill on permanent normal trade relations [ pntr ] status for china .
a voice - over said : " with 1.3 billion people , china is the world 's largest marketplace .
the focal point of the dispute between the two commercials is currently the hottest topic in the united states , that is , china 's entry into the wto and whether the united states will grant the pntr treatment to china .
prior to this , he repeatedly spoke on the issue and urged the congress to approve the pntr for china as soon as possible .
the opposition forces , represented by labor organizations , however , throw filthy water on china . they attempt to block the motion from being approved , using the human rights issue as an excuse .
however , congressmen on capitol hill seem to be waiting for the right price to sell and cannot make up their minds .
pntr is not a " favor " from the united states [ subhead ] in november 1999 , china and the united states signed the agreement on china 's entry into the wto . as a fundamental requirement and the prerequisite for the agreement to become effective , the us congress needs to grant pntr to china .
" gatt " clearly asks all wto members to " immediately and unconditionally " grant other member nations the mfn treatment .
if the us congress does not approve the pntr treatment for china , the two countries will not be able to conduct trade in accordance with the wto 's arrangement of mutual preferential treatment after china 's entry into the wto .
it can be said that whether to grant china the mfn treatment is a " trump card " of the united states for checking china .
the sino - us agreement on china 's entry into the wto has provided an opportunity for solving this problem permanently .
however , because of the sharp conflict of political and economic interests , the fight between various circles in the united states on whether to grant china the pntr treatment has turned white - hot .
" we will regret it for at least 20 years if we reject china " [ subhead ] on 24 february , the us business council headquarters in washington was packed with distinguished guests and wealthy people .
clinton said : " if we do not seize this opportunity , we will be regretting it for a generation . "
clinton 's remarks were not exaggerated .
a survey report on the agreement on china 's wto entry announced by the us congress research and service bureau says that china is one of the countries in the world with the fastest economic development , and will become the world 's largest consumer goods and services market .
us secretary of agriculture dan glickman has predicted that if the us - chinese agreement on china 's entry into the wto is implemented , us agricultural exports to china alone will increase by $ 2 billion annually .
china is now the world 's fastest growing semi - conductor market , second largest mobile telephone market , 4 th largest computer market , fastest growing internet market , and fastest growing software market .
because of tremendous business interests , the huge lobbying groups , formed by the business roundtable and the business council generously donated and successively invested a big sum of $ 12 million to conduct massive lobbying activities .
under the plans of major enterprise organizations such as the us business council , us - china national trade committee , and the business roundtable , responsible persons of 50 large us enterprises jointly conduct intense and blanket lobbying among congressmen and their assistants on the capitol hill .
a choice of isolation or engagement ? [ subhead ] meanwhile , forces that are opposed to granting the pntr treatment to china are also actively working . the afl - cio , principal opponent of the bill consists of 10 million members and 68 large trade unions .
the afl - cio threatened not to support the election of congressmen for the next term and launched a massive offensive in the congress , asking it to vote against granting pntr to china and maintain the current system of annual review .
some human rights and environmental protection organizations also followed suit closely . they echoed each other to strive to stop the smooth passage of the pntr for china bill at the congress .
this year happens to be an election year in the united states - - a new president , all congressmen , and one - third of senators will be elected .
this is because the opposition forces of the house are more powerful , while the senate , which has always supported foreign trade , is likely to pass this bill .
the white house hopes that the pntr bill can be passed by the senate by the end of april , and by the house in june .
this is because the congress will be adjourned in july and will be busily deliberating the fund allocation bill for the next year when it resumes sessions at the end of august .
in addition , as the election stage will begin in august , congressmen will not be in the mood to attend to the pntr issue by then .
to play for time , a small number of congressmen exploited the release of the " white paper on taiwan issue " to accuse china of threatening taiwan 's security to painstakingly block the voting on pntr .
a small number of anti - china congressmen are still considering linking all or part of the " taiwan security enhancement act " to the pntr .
whether the us congress agrees to grant pntr treatment to china will not affect china 's entry into the wto .
maybe this is what us congressmen need to firmly remember when casting their votes .
the corporation has a complete nuclear industrial system and is composed of 246 industrial enterprises , corporate scientific research and design institutes , institutions , and units .
the chronicle of developers and builders of china 's nuclear industry and science and technology , which will go down in history , is as follows : on 10 october 1964 , china 's first atomic bomb was detonated successfully .
in the 1970 's - 80 's , china mastered technologies to design neutron bombs , miniaturize nuclear weapons , and launch guided missiles underwater .
what impact will china 's entry into the wto ( world trade organization ) have on china 's nuclear industry ?
what stance will china 's nuclear industry take to meet new challenges ?
letting nuclear energy benefit mankind is the goal our country 's nuclear scientific and technological developers are striving to pursue .
i would like to ask , what opportunities and challenges will china 's wto entry bring to its nuclear industry ? [ li dingfan ] this is a very good question .
as everyone knows , one important principle concerning china 's wto entry is to relax restrictions on exports of high technology to china .
however , opportunities and challenges exit side by side .
on 6 december 1999 , world famous nuclear energy power generation enterprises france 's framatome and germany 's siemens announced that they would join hands to set up a world 's largest nuclear industrial enterprise in the civilian - use nuclear sector .
in the face of such a powerful competitor , we must soberly notice that our country 's nuclear industry is still at the stage of small - scale construction , and compared with nuclear countries in the world , china still has a long way to go in terms of technology , funds , and service .
nuclear energy is playing an important role in national economic construction .
presently , the opportunities to be created by china 's wto entry and the large - scale development of western china are rare . we will bring our strong points into play , actively plunge ourselves into the development of western china , and open up more domestic markets .
the reform of the structure of science , technology , and industry for national defense is aimed at better integrating military and civilian production .
therefore , no matter how the international situation changes , the task facing china 's nuclear industry will be more arduous , and the burden is heavy and the road is long for china 's nuclear industry to survive and develop .
polyester film and kapton plated with aluminum , either on one side or two , make one of the thermal - control coatings for the thermal - control system of the spacecraft .
china used to import thermal - control coatings for its spacecraft . not only were they expensive , but also their import was restricted .
comparing these two domestically produced products with foreign - made ones , , their major performance indices are almost the same , the domestically made ones are even superior in some special performance indices , and our manufacturing cost is much lower .
to put a space flight unit into space at a low cost is a matter of public concern . a breakthrough in this respect will make it possible for man to enter space frequently .
to put a flight unit into space , the use of the relevant ionic propeller is inseparable from the assistance of a microthrust test system .
the research institute concerned had worked hard to tackle the key problems to build an experimental prototype of the microthrust test system , and thus provides a reliable experimental means for the study of the project . the performance and various qualifications of the prototype are better than its russia or japan - made counterpart .
at the russian government work meeting on the early morning of 27 march , first vice premier kasyanov walked toward acting russian president putin with a bouquet of fresh flowers in his hands , and on behalf of all government members congratulated him on his election victory as the third president of the russian federation .
the ordinary people also expressed satisfaction over this outcome .
a university student said to our reporter that he was relieved putin was elected , and " putin has the ability to reinstate order in russia , which cannot continue to be chaotic ! "
he has taken a clear - cut stand and has acted decisively on the chechen issue , and he has resolutely struggled against terrorism and ethnic splittist forces .
in a few months of military operations , russia liberated most parts of the chechen region in which splittist elements were entrenched for nine long years , and annihilated 13,000 illegal armed personnel .
action won praises from most of the electorate . as commander of the three armed services , putin has advocated stronger position for the military , and unequivocally supported his generals military operations in chechnya .
although the west has pressured russia on the issues of eastward expansion and chechnya , putin has always taken a resolutely uncompromising stand . this has psychologically satisfied russians , who do not want to be bullied internationally , and who want to become citizens of a great and strong nation .
of course , some other factors also contributed to victory . for example , there was a split in the russian communist party before the election , when tuleyev , one of the ex - russian communist party leaders , decided to run for the election and siphoned off votes .
veshnyakov , chairman of the russian central election commission , said : the final result of the election will be announced on 4 april . the election outcome will essentially not change because of that , but there may be a 0.5 percent fluctuation in the number of votes won by each election candidate .
according to the russian constitution , putin will be sworn in as president on 8 may. people felt that putin does not have an easy task .
" the theory of human rights overriding sovereignty " is a new theory which has emerged in the west in recent years . it is a key component of the western theory on human rights and has become an important basis of the western " new interventionism . "
after the second world war ended , the new countries which had gained independence moved onto the international political stage . they called for safeguarding state sovereignty and national natural resources , opposed colonialism , and challenged the old international political order .
however , " the theory of human rights overriding sovereignty " is nothing but a sort of reaction to the developing countries which have safeguarded the principle of sovereignty , and its aim is to interfere in the internal affairs of third world countries .
as a matter of fact , the vast number of developing countries have scored achievements obvious to all with regard to human rights , whereas certain large western countries have maintained a rather poor human rights record .
for example , the united states has seen serious human rights violations at home , and until now , the situation has continually worsened rather than improved .
the us government has turned a blind eye to and kept its mouth shut about this . instead , it has issued the so called " report on human rights " in other countries , wantonly distorting or attacking the human rights situation in other countries .
this has naturally invited strong protests from a large number of third world countries .
without pondering the question , i answered , " of course sovereignty is above human rights . "
according to my friend , this kind of perplexity is no longer something confined to a few individuals within the country .
and gradually , an idea formed . it made itself clearer and clearer . this is " a concrete analysis of a concrete problem . "
they raised the slogan " all men are born equal " to demand the creation of a new order . doubtless this was a progressive movement .
the westerners , on the pathway toward planning their own personal liberation , were full of the spirit of discovery .
however , when the bourgeoisie managed to seize power , after productive capability was developed , they began to expand overseas , and the dark era of colonialism began .
but if he had actually been found tried and found guilty and had had to go to prison , he would be one of those qualified to carry rancor to the grave .
victims of his repression and killing included many communists and progressives .
what is that called ?
or take kosovo .
but the west took one look and concluded that yugoslavia was involved in ethnic cleansing , and that was in violation of human rights .
and so the call to arms went out , to help the albanian separatists kill the innocent yugoslav civilians . china was the voice of reason . but even the chinese embassy was bombed , and chinese people were killed .
why ?
in the same way , they receive the west 's unconditional support . but russia 's military offensive against chechnya has already dragged on for months , and the westerners are again yelling about " human rights ! human rights ! " but they do n't dare to use military force to interfere .
again , why is that ?
it 's not that they are not doing anything , it 's that they are unable to do anything .
they can attack iraq , they can attack yugoslavia , but russia is a tougher nut to crack .
if a nuclear war really did begin , russia would suffer .
if they were , and russia had no effective shielding system , just watch . there 's no way they would n't interfere !
and what is that called ?
it 's called " intimidate the weak and fear the strong " .
in the past few years , china has been a thorn in the side of certain western politicians . it has also been one of their targets for " expansion " as well as one of the hindrances to that " expansion . "
we have never believed americans talking about how " a strong , prosperous china is beneficial to the us " .
in their hearts , they ca n't help but anxiously hope that taiwan will split away , that xinjiang will break off , that tibet will leave !
and they also ca n't help wishing that china will come a cropper and be unable to sustain itself as a nation in the future . bow down before their feet !
why is the dalai lama enshrined as a vip ?
so why do they say all these things ?
china is simply not the china of 50 years ago , if they want to get it on with china , it definitely wo n't be something they do with such courage as they did in yugoslavia .
consequently , they want to see china screw up on her own .
they support people whose strategy is to encircle the south china sea , they support people who want to establish some kind of " democratic party , " and they support all the so - called political dissidents .
with the political and cultural qualities of these people , how many chinese believe that they can bring democracy and stability to the chinese people ?
after things are disordered , the situation will be much easier to handle . those who lived through the " cultural revolution " all know that there were serious problems with human rights in china during that period . even the human rights of the nation 's chairman were not protected . so what about the common people ?
if you wrote a wrong character , if you said something wrong , you could be beaten or even killed . and these were not uncommon occurrences .
but it was just during that period of time , that nixon crossed the pacific to shake hands with zhou enlai .
they did n't talk about " human rights " back then .
and today , the human rights situation in china has improved considerably . take a stroll around among the common people . are they talking ?
but it is during this period of time , that americans are unceasingly entangling themselves in the human rights question . what they are thinking in their hearts , who knows ?
human rights is a bat to beat people with . whenever it 's beneficial , that 's when you drag it out .
there 's another point which i want to explain here . that 's how western politicians or rather a few politicians , or even a few people who are n't politicians , back home in their own countries , have an empty consciousness of human rights .
white policemen pump dozens of shots into a black man without reason , and get an innocent verdict . if this kind of thing happened in china , who knows how loudly they would yell !
the united states and her followers want to take advantage of the end of the cold war and the loss of balance in world power to enlarge the fruits of war , and unify everything under the sun to obtain the greatest possible economic benefit .
this is where i think of the great stick of " human rights " .
to help them do what they want to do , they think once again of removing the obstacles posed by the boundaries and walls between nations , so once again the " high principle " of " human rights " gets trotted out .
having written such a long article on this topic , i think i 'll close by bringing out this question : leaving the practical aside , divorcing ourselves from the political realities , the way those in their ivory towers discuss whether human rights is higher than sovereignty - - is that intelligent ?
born into an old serf family , cering lamo began her serf career at the age of six .
in the democratic reform , cering lamo joined the broad masses of serfs in struggling against rebellion , forced labor , and personal enslavement and fighting for reduction in rent and interest .
" in old , dark tibet , the millions of serfs had not the slightest human rights , " she said .
in old days , they were trampled underfoot ; now , they control their own destiny .
when we were on a news - gathering tour in changzu town of nedong county in shannan prefecture , elections were being held for the local people 's congress and government .
amid the strains of melodious tibetan music , representatives of the people were casting their votes for leading members of the town government and people 's congress .
forty - one years ago , on a summer day , it was at the kesong manor in this town that emancipated serfs organized , on their own initiative , the first farmer association in tibetan history , thereby taking the first step on the road of democratic reform .
what 's more , the tibetan people 's right to freedom of religious belief is truly respected and protected in accordance with the law .
this always confuses new comers .
hearing this , they wonder where lhasa is and how big it is .
before the democratic reform , lhasa was less than three square kilometers .
now , the potala place is still there under the blue sky , but what it overlooks are no longer the low and poor houses and shabby tents for poor people .
after crossing the green tanggula shan , we came to a vast expanse of prairie - - qiangtang prairie .
in debao village of baingoin county in northern tibet , some 4,700 meters above sea level , a herdsman named taba showed us his new home , a stone and wood structure , which he uses as a permanent dwelling place for all the four seasons of the year .
with the yoke of the old relations of production totally smashed , productive forces have been considerably liberated . in a very short period , tibet 's economy has taken a historic leap forward .
in 1999 , tibet 's gdp broke the 10 - billion - yuan mark for the first time in its history , reaching 10.335 billion yuan . for the past six years , its annual gdp growth rate has been maintained at a level above the nation 's average rate .
while traveling in ngari prefecture , known as the " roof of the world , " we saw elliptic signs reading " direct dialing for international and domestic calls " in every cities and towns on our route .
now , all telephones in the six prefectures and one city of tibet are incorporated into the national automatic exchange system .
zeng zhongyi , director of the regional post and telecommunications administration , told us : " at present , a number of new telecommunication services are being inaugurated on this plateau , including the internet , electronic mailboxes , videoconference facilities , information service , and multimedia information - search service . "
as for air transportation , there are direct flights linking lhasa with chengdu , katmandu , chongqing , xian , beijing , xining , guangzhou , qamdo , and banda .
though it has been over 1,000 years , the inscription on the tablet in both han and tibetan languages is still readable : tang and fan , which are two close states , have formed an alliance of great harmony . they will never breach it as witnessed by heaven and man .
" were it not for the party 's special policy toward ethnic minorities and the support of other ethnic groups in this country , we , the lhoba people , would not be what we are today , " said dadeng with emotion .
tibet is a region inhabited mostly by tibetans . of the total population , tibetans account for 95 percent , while the han , hui , lhoba , monba , and other minority people take up the remaining 5 percent .
after tibet 's peaceful liberation , especially since the democratic reform , the people of all ethnic groups on this snow plateau have been living in harmony and sharing weal and woe with one another . they have gradually formed a socialist ethnic relationship marked by equality , unity , and mutual assistance .
in the xigaze valley in rear tibet , shanghai municipality has invested in dozens of projects , including a water works , a sewer system , and the shanghai square . this fully indicates the shanghai people 's fraternity toward their tibetan brothers and sisters .
the party central committee are deeply concerned about tibet 's construction and development , while all localities throughout the country have given selfless assistance to this autonomous region .
since the 1950 's , financial subsidies given to tibet and investments made there by the central authorities have totaled more than 40 billion yuan .
the 62 construction projects initiated in celebration of the 30 th founding anniversary of this autonomous region have a total amount of investment of 4.8 billion yuan , of which 4.484 billion yuan came from outside units , including the pertinent ministries and commissions at the central level and various provinces and municipalities around the country .
at present , the western development has become the hot spot that all social sectors are following with interest .
reporter : minister shi , what do you think about the advantages of the central and western regions in the foreign economic and trade development ?
3 ) owing to their respective characteristics in social economic development , various provinces and autonomous regions in the central and western regions have their specific development advantages .
i think that the development of foreign trade in the central and western regions must be combined with the local advantages , take the international markets as their orientation , make best use of their advantages , bypass their disadvantages , exploit their favorable conditions to the full , and form their own unique features .
reporter : some experts and scholars suggested that foreign capital be enthusiastically absorbed to participate in the large - scale development of the central and western regions .
foreign - invested enterprises in the coastal areas will be guided and encouraged to make re - investment and participate in the reorganization and transformation of the state - owned industrial enterprises in the central and western regions .
the party central committee 's strategic decision on a large - scale development of the western region has been put forward in good time , and is also in keeping with the development realities of our country .
during both the present period and coming period , with a view to laying a solid foundation for the large - scale development , all localities in the region are required to devote great efforts to accelerating their construction of infrastructural facilities , and to strengthening their protection and building of the ecological environment .
rich in natural resources , china 's northwestern region enjoys a considerably high manufacturing and technological level , as well as a fairly strong ability in scientific research and development ; and some of the region 's products have proved fairly competitive in the international market .
wu bangguo noted : the large - scale development of the western region entails huge amounts of funds and a large number of able personnel .
to do this , they should not only constantly strengthen the building of a hard environment , but should all the more improve the building of a soft environment .
we should actively push forward the reform and development of state enterprises , and give full rein to their guiding role as a mainstay in the large - scale development of the western region , pointed out wu bangguo .
the present year is the final year for the fulfillment of our three - year reform and difficulty - relief targets of state enterprises , and is therefore a year in which we make a final bid for victory .
we should see to it that state policies on running state enterprises well favor the western region .
we bangguo pointed out : our efforts to promote the large - scale development of the western region , readjust the country 's economic structure , and step up the reform and development of enterprises all call for a stable social environment .
we should actively create necessary conditions , step up a socialized management over social securities , and provide a better system guarantee for social stability .
also accompanying wu bangguo on his inspection trip were the responsible persons of relevant departments , including sheng huaren , zhang zuoji , zheng silin , zhang wule , shi xiushi , wang ruixiang , and wei liqun .
after her graduation in march 1999 , she found a job but quitted the job soon afterward and returned home .
back at her home , she refused to do any farm work or spoke to her parents . instead , she hid herself in her room to practice " falungong . "
beginning from november 1999 , she fell into a trance , felt herself to be living in another space , and frequently dreamed that " master " li hongzhi and numerous other men , including huang daisheng , wanted to sleep with her .
yuan 's parents cried hard for their daughter , saying : " we worked so hard to fork out 10,000 yuan each year for her to attend school in the city .
she received more education than everybody else in the family . how would one know she would read this kind of stuff ?
it was " falungong " that inflicted such harm on my little daughter . "
on 23 december 1999 , zou gang , aged 39 , a cadre of the forest management section of heilongjiang provincial general administration of forest industry and a " falungong " practitioner , hacked his section head lu qingsheng to death with a knife and seriously injured three other colleagues - - including one whose name is zhou yajie .
according to zou gang , he began to practice " falungong " in august 1995 . since november 1999 , he started having hallucinations and always heard li hongzhi 's voice telling him that " lu qingsheng and zhou yajie are your jinxes ; you have to kill them to be relieved . "
so zou gang bought a chef knife from the market on 22 december and carried out the killing on 23 december .
after entering the middle school in september 1998 , she became more and more obsessed with " falungong " and her school results dropped drastically .
when her teachers and relatives spoke to her parents and advised them to let xu focus on her study , her parents said : " studying is useless . practicing ' falungong ' at home will do . "
in early 1999 , dong ning , aged 26 , a " falungong " practitioner in weihai city changhong electromechanical company limited , shangdong province , thought his practice of " falun dafa " was complete and began to formulate a plan of " relieving other people and himself . "
on 7 january , he picked up a molding instrument to violently hit his fellow worker xiao liu on the head . out of nervousness , he did not manage to hit fatally and the victim was able to quickly flee the place .
on the following night , still obsessed with his plan of " relieving people , " he grabbed a kitchen knife and attempted to hack his father when the latter was making dinner . fortunately , his father was able to dodge and escape injury .
hearing jiang 's cry for help , jiang 's son rushed to the scene and was stabbed several times in the stomach and thighs when he was wrenching the knife from dong ning .
fortunately , the 110 police arrived at the scene rapidly and arrested dong .
in these cases , all the " falungong " practitioners killed and harmed other people and themselves when they were in a state of insanity .
they had been turned from a perfectly normal person into a " lunatic " who went to extremes . this is the resultant evil consequence of the spiritual control exerted by li hongzhi 's " falungong " on practitioners .
this sort of spiritual control was itself an act of violating human rights and trampling on freedom .
according to psychiatrists , if a normal person experiences great nervous tension , pressure , awe , and fear for a long period of time , he will likely have a nervous breakdown and become pathologically stubborn and maniacal .
according to incomplete statistics , practicing " falungong " has already resulted in over 1,400 deaths . in addition , it also led to over 100 cases of mental problems reported by seven medical institutions in beijing , tianjin , hebei , and shandong alone .
a substantial proportion of these patients also " think there is a falun rotating in their abdomens , " " feel there are five or six tangible matters attaching to their bodies , " have other sense of spiritual possessions and control , or believe themselves to " have a celestial eye . "
all these cannot be tolerated by the law of justice and state laws .
all these blood - drenched facts indicate that the " falungong " does not safeguard human rights ; instead , it tramples on human rights .
if a person loses his life and his health , then all other rights have no meaning at all .
without the skin , how can the hair stand ?
many " falungong " practitioners took up the practice with the initial intention to " cure illnesses and improve health . "
all these blood - drenched facts indicate that the " falungong " does not guarantee freedom but strangles freedom .
all these violate the citizens ' freedom of faith and speech , and imprison the citizens ' thoughts .
being unable to tell the good from the evil and the truth from falsehood , he would carry out acts that harm himself and others and become a sacrificial object of a cult organization .
all these blood - drenched facts indicate that the " falungong " does not respect the law ; instead , it shows contempt for the law .
the stability and order of modern society is based on democracy and the rule of law , which requires all citizens and social organizations to act within the scope of the constitution and the law , and respect and safeguard the authority of the government that is established according to the law .
only by persisting in doing things according to the law , will there be social stability and order ; and only by respecting the government 's authority , can we make modern civilization construction even more successful .
however , the " falungong " rejects all the above common sense which modern man should possess .
all in all , the cult " falungong " makes a normal person abnormal , turns a psychologically healthy person into a psychopath , and changes a law - abiding citizen into someone that is hostile and harmful to society .
the cpc and the people 's government of china , who regard the people 's interests as paramount interests , will absolutely not tolerate a cult organization such as the " falungong " to carry on its misdeeds and harm society .
the daily circulation of its major newspapers is nearly two million , accounting for more than 60 percent of the total in beijing .
with the authority of its political news , the extensive dissemination of public opinion , and the rapid rolling reports of its daily , evening , and morning papers , the beijing ribao group will provide more comprehensive services for the daily life of the people .
beijing , 28 mar ( xinhua ) - - the cpc central organization department general office and the cpc central propaganda department general office recently issued a joint circular calling on party members and cadres to earnestly study the " popular version of deng xiaoping theory . "
the " circular " pointed out : the 15 th cpc congress proposed that the entire party should attach importance to and be good at studying , and effecting a new upsurge in the study of marxism - leninism , mao zedong thought , and in particular , deng xiaoping theory .
" the cpc central circular on the entire party 's in - depth study of deng xiaoping theory " demanded that an activity designed for party members to study deng xiaoping theory and the party constitution should continue so that it will become a regular practice and become an institution .
the book , targeted at party members at the grass - roots level , can serve both as a reference book for grass - roots party members to study deng xiaoping theory independently and as teaching material for the training of party members at leading grass - roots party groups and party schools .
china began to reprint the " bible " in 1980 , and by late last year more than 23 million copies had been distributed throughout the country .
han wenzao believes that this is a reflection of the increase in china 's christian colony . last year , in the shanghai area alone , there were more than 20,000 christian converts .
a few days ago , han wenzao led the delegation of chinese christian representatives to kentucky for a meeting of friendship with the society of american christian elders .
the elders society pledged to continue exchanges between us and chinese christian associations and develop friendly relations with their christian sisters and brothers in china .
hong kong , 28 march (zts) - - in the process of economic globalization , market integration , and the turning of capital into securities , lively discussions have been conducted throughout the world on the " new economy " based on the knowledge economy since the beginning of 2000 .
many scholars in china maintained : china must expedite the research and development of a new economic pattern with chinese characteristics so as to meet the challenges of the era of the new economy .
since the 1990 's , there has been a development trend different from that in the past in the economies of the united states and other developed countries in west europe , with the knowledge economy playing a leading role . hence , there is the era of a " new economy . "
eu president romano prodi recently said : it is the priority of the tasks facing the eu summit to get well prepared for the new economy and urged the governments of the 15 members to carry out extensive economic and social reforms so as to create a common european knowledge economy .
these " three lows and one high " are precisely the goal of endeavor all economies have been striving to achieve for many years .
man is a decisive factor for guaranteeing innovations .
the information economy , which rose abruptly in the 1990 's , is now undergoing three stages of development ranging from " personal computers , " " the internet , " and " electronic commerce . " this clearly shows that the core of the " new economy " is the internet economy .
according to an analysis by economists , the new economy originated from the united states .
the sustained american economic growth is faced with some crises , such as technology stock bubbles , but the economy is now in a state of high growth , low unemployment , and low inflation .
he pointed out : in the face of the surging economic and s & t trend of today , we must move forward , otherwise we will fall behind .
we must seize opportunities , dare to make innovations , accelerate development , and try hard to catch up .
we must step up efforts to study countermeasures to deal with the drawbacks and negative impacts that may crop up in the course of economic globalization .
economists pointed : thanks to the rapid development of high and new technology industries , the american economy has grown in a sustained way for many years .
meanwhile , electronic networks of all types have mushroomed in china .
in the past 30 years , great developments have been made in the friendly cooperation in various fields between the two countries .
he said that china is willing to make joint efforts together with the italian government to continue to fully supplement each other 's strong points to raise the level of the friendly cooperation between the two sides to a new level .
zhu rongji also had a deep exchange of views with dini on bilateral relations and on international issues of common concern .
zhu rongji pointed out that china is making efforts to carry out reform at a deeper level , improve the socialist market economic structure , open wider to the outside world , and strive to provide a good investment environment for foreign enterprises .
dini said the reform and opening up in the past 20 years have brought tremendous incomparable changes in china .
italy highly treasures , and hopes to expand , its cooperation with china in various fields .
beijing , 28 mar ( xinhua ) - - over the last few years of reform and opening up , china 's rural areas have seen earth - shaking changes , and the work concerning rural areas has also encountered many new situations and new problems .
in making a success of the work concerning peasants in this new situation , we should be good at allowing them to exercise management over themselves and educate themselves . their initiative and creativity should be displayed well , guided well , and protected well by exercising open administration over village affairs and other measures .
in making a success of the work concerning peasants in this new situation , it is even more necessary for us to use deng xiaoping theory to put the people 's minds together .
the practice of longtang village under liuyang city jurisdiction , hunan province , has proved the correctness of this theory : when peasants ' minds are put together under the banner of deng xiaoping theory , they will keep the " mainstay " in mind , and all aspects of work in rural areas will develop healthily .
i am speaking on the status and means of china 's state - owned enterprise [ soe ] reform .
i. china 's soe reform is at key time , in critical stage by the mid-1990's , the business climate had undergone a qualitative change .
the greatest impact on enterprises was : - - market forces were replacing planning .
- - our short - supply economy was changing toward a balance of supply with demand or a state of long supply .
- - the opening to the outside world of the chinese market was evolving further .
it was a time of many challenges , as well as a host of opportunities .
a number of enterprises converted their operating ideas earlier , converting their operating forces fast , and emerging through competition , to seize the opportunity for fast development .
meanwhile , longstanding deeper soe conflicts were also being full exposed .
- - the conflict of lagging business institution innovation and operating forces unsuited to market competition .
in recent years , a sizable number of enterprises have been in a state of stopped or semi - stopped production , with up to 10 million soe employees being laid off or seeing their wages stopped or reduced .
this involved a host of enterprises being converted to other production , separated , merged , and even shut down and put into bankruptcy , which impacted employee layoffs , severance , and reemployment , to affect the whole society .
while state - owned industrial enterprises now account for roughly two - thirds of our industrial capital and 70 percent of banking loans to industry , they create only one - half of our gvio .
soe inefficiency has affected china 's potential for sustained economic growth .
these are two basic problems for intensifying soe reform and fully stimulating the growth potential of our national economy . at present , market restraints are growing markedly stronger .
but a polarized soe order is evolving quickly .
superior enterprises aspire to low - cost expansion , while problem ones are urgently seeking ways to survive .
- - we need to shift our stress on running each soe well to a strategic adjustment of our state - owned economic order , concentrating on fields that the state must control and provide public service in , to bring into better play the irreplaceable role of the state - owned economy .
government needs to create fair competition terms for enterprises of all ownership forms , to give superior enterprises room to grow and develop , and to give enterprises that are failing in the competition a means of withdrawing from the market .
- - we need to shift from trying to revitalize every soe to stressing the large and deregulating the small , making a strategic reorganization of soe 's , to focus on stressing the crucial minority that affect the pulse of our national economy . 2 .
we need to separate government administration from business management to do this , we need to do a number of things simultaneously : we need to proceed with government organ or structural reform , to convert government functions .
enterprises need to undergo corporate reform , to set up a business structure of corporate management . meanwhile , we need to cultivate intermediary social agencies , bringing into full play functions such as service , coordination , notarization , and oversight , to create the necessary terms for separating government administration from business management . 3 .
we need to make strategic adjustment of our state - owned economic order since competitive lines have already converted to a buyer 's market , it is neither possible or essential at this time for state finance to support a state - owned economy with so many lines and of such large size .
as an economy of diverse ownership forms develops quickly , it is both possible and essential for our state - owned economic order to undergo a strategic adjustment .
this means that , in national security and fields needed for national economic development where private investment cannot or is unwilling to access , the state - owned economy needs to advance , creating the essential terms for national security and national economic development , to give the state the relevant regulation and control capacity over economic development .
form a scientific corporate management structure .
we need to act in line with the " company law " to set up an enterprise leadership and organization system , to evolve enterprise incentive and restraint forces .
the soe transformation to a corporate system is now facing the major difficulty of how to set up a standardized and effective corporate management structure . 5 .
we need to make strategic reorganization of soe 's , stressing the large and deregulating the small china now has around 230,000 soe 's , which are duplicative and decentralized in their industrial distribution , with the large not having evolved an economy of scale , while the small lack market vitality .
meanwhile , we need to use diverse means to deregulate and revitalize medium and small soe 's , enabling them to choose suitable forms of business asset organization , to move toward the market independently .
between large enterprises and medium and small businesses , we need to evolve an enterprise group structure of specialized production and socialized coordination , to raise overall operating efficiency . 6 .
we need to downsize for efficiency , increasing equity and lowering debt due to historic reasons , soe 's are generally subject to surplus personnel , heavy debt , and heavy social burdens .
the state has already taken steps since our social security system is not yet perfect , such as setting up reemployment service centers , developing the labor market , and encouraging employees to find their own jobs and innovate independently , with around 5 million employees likely to be separated from soe 's a year .
to improve the enterprise equity - debt makeup , we first need to stop inefficient or low - efficiency enterprise investment , conscientiously ending low - level duplicate construction , while supporting many means for enterprises to attract new investors and increase their equity .
qualified ones can attract foreign investment for grafting and cooperating .
we need to experiment with debt trusteeship and the conversion of debt into shares .
a current major difficulty in soe bankruptcy is the basic subsistence security and reemployment placement for bankrupt soe employees .
we need to develop corps of enterprise operators a key current factor affecting intensified reform and an improved operating state is the lack of operating and management talent that is familiar with a market economy .
we need to speed up related reforms this means mainly that we need to : speed up our establishment of a better pension , health care , and unemployment security system .
build a stronger market legal system , improving market management , to maintain market order .
in light of china 's two decades of reform practice , as well as the international expertise that we can draw on , i believe that reform will succeed through our sustained and steady efforts and explorations .
in addition , the chinese government and people are opposed to and denounce lee teng - hui 's [ li denghui 's ] going to foreign countries in any capacity to conduct activities to split up china .
this is of utmost importance to the healthy development of the relations between china and relevant countries .
the spokesman also said that lee teng - hui has already stepped down .
he pointed out that lee teng - hui has , over a long time , continuously undermined the friendly relations between china and other countries and conducted activities to create two chinas in the international community .
he said again that lee teng - hui 's going to foreign countries in any capacity to conduct activities to split up china is opposed and denounced by the chinese government and people .
yu yongbo said in his speech that it was approved by the cmc to launch " three stresses " positive education in the whole army 's grass - roots party organizations , which is a major event of the whole army 's political work in this year .
grass - roots party organizations are the foundation of the party 's all work and combat capability , and are the party 's cell .
paying great attention to party building at the grass - roots party organizations is the fine tradition of our army and is also the consistent ideology of the third generation of the party 's leading core .
our army has consistently subjected to the command of the party and has constantly strengthened for dozens of years , which are closely related to our consistent emphasis on party building at the grass - roots level .
party committees at all levels and all leaders should fully understand the necessity and importance of " three stresses " positive education among all army grass - roots party organizations and practically pay special attention to and handle well this event related to the overall situations with strong political responsibility .
during the third session of the ninth npc , chairman jiang further stressed this ideology .
we must deeply understand the practical and historical significance of the important ideology of the " three representations " and voluntarily utilize the important ideology of the " three representations " to guide party building in the army .
yu yongbo pointed out that chairman jiang 's important ideology of " three representations " further points out the way and raises new higher requirements .
we must consistently regard it as the general guiding ideology at this " three stresses " positive education at the grass - roots level .
" three representations " is the centralized reflection of " three stresses " and " three stresses " is the basic requirement of practicing " three representations . "
therefore , we should regard this " three stresses " positive education as a centralized study and education activity of the " three representations " in order to firmly establish the ideology of " three representation " in the minds of vast numbers of party members and cadres .
yu yongbo stressed that studying and practicing chairman jiang 's important ideology on " three representations " not only requires to handle well the grass - roots party organizations but also requires to pay attention to party committees and high - ranking and middle - ranking cadres at regiment level and above .
he required party committees at all levels to practically deepen their understandings , practically master the guiding ideology and principle of education , practically solve problems , and practically strengthen leadership to guarantee solid results of this " three stresses " positive education among grass - roots party organizations .
the meeting fully commended 43 units in china 's news system which demonstrated exemplary roles in promoting spiritual civilization construction , in establishing a good image of journalists while conducting journalistic work , in better serving the people , in serving socialism , and in serving the overall work of the party and the country .
xu guangchun , deputy director of the cpc central committee propaganda department , delivered a summary speech .
ji bingxuan , deputy director of the guangdong administration of radio , film , and television , chaired the meeting .
the meeting held : since a similar national televised and teleconference was held last year , most central and local media units have striven to separate news - reporting activities from commercial activities , and to separate news - covering and editing personnel from commercial departments , and attained remarkable results in this regard .
both the party central committee and the people have been satisfied with the work .
the meeting pointed out : while the overall work of the mass media demonstrated positive and healthy trends , some newspapers and periodicals , and certain small newspapers and small periodicals in particular , have shown some acute problems in their propaganda work .
we should learn our lesson from shanghai 's experiences in this regard .
to purchase and replace cars , the county government , county people 's congress , county committee of the chinese people 's political consultative conference , and departments concerned also went around borrowing money totaling 539,600 yuan .
it auctioned off vehicles that the county party committee , county government , and departments involved had purchased by embezzling and holding back the funds concerned or borrowing money and ordered the units involved to recover and return the embezzled , retained , and borrowed funds within a time limit .
without even an examination , lei yuande agreed to handle the approval formalities for the self - paying thailand tour of the 16 symposium participants from the city audit bureau and their ordinary passports for going abroad ( leaving the territory ) for private purposes .
the chenzhou city party committee decided to give kuang chushen a serious warning as a measure of party discipline and remove him from the post of secretary of the audit bureau 's leading party group and , after going through relevant procedures of the people 's congress , removed him from the post of bureau director .
it also gave tao jianzhong and lei yuande a warning as a measure of party discipline .
he said during his visit , all china 's principal leaders will meet with berger and his party .
foreign minister tang jiaxuan will hold talks with him on sino - us relations and issues of common concern .
he said the chinese government has always attached importance to promoting and protecting human rights .
last year , with the energetic efforts of the chinese government , the level of economic , social , cultural , civil , and political rights enjoyed by the chinese people was further raised .
in its speech , the united states did not seriously examine its own human rights situation , but wantonly made gratuitous attacks and accusations on other countries . this is a typical expression of practicing dual standards and hegemony .
china advises the united states to get a clear understanding of the historical trend and not to go farther and farther along the erroneous road of political confrontation .
beijing , 28 mar ( xinhua ) - - premier zhu rongji met with visiting italian foreign minister lamberto dini at zhongnanhai today . in a cordial and friendly atmosphere , the host and the guest had an in - depth exchange of views on bilateral relations and on international issues of common concern .
zhu said : china attaches great importance to developing its relationship with italy .
this year marks the 30 th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries . over the past three decades , great development has been attained in friendly cooperation between the two countries in all fields .
this will provide foreign enterprises , including italian ones , with an enormous practical possibility to expand and develop in china .
dini said : the reform and opening up over the past two decades have brought china tremendous changes beyond comparison by any country in the world . italy treasures very much and hopes to constantly expand its cooperative relations with china in all fields .
italy 's economic and business circles , especially small and medium - sized enterprises , will certainly take an active part in it .
zhu rongji also asked foreign minister dini to give prime minister d ' alema his kind regards .
education on the current situation has always been a major content of the ideological and political work .
relevant responsible persons from 20 provinces , autonomous regions , and municipalities including those from beijing and shanghai exchanged experiences and talked about methods in the work of conducting education on the current situation in various localities .
comrades at the meeting noted that 2000 is a year of historical and symbolic significance .
as the task of conducting current situation education is rather heavy and as there are many concrete contents , localities should integrate the education with the local situation , concentrate on major areas , and meticulously organize the education .
meeting participants made several important points on doing well this year 's work on conducting education on the current situation .
first is to continue organizing various levels of report meetings on the current situation .
over the years , relevant local departments have consistently conducted report meetings on the current situation for the cadres and the masses , and the holding of such meetings has become institutionalized .
second is to organize mass educational activities with " looking back on 100 years of vicissitudes and looking forward to a beautiful future " as the major content of such mass educational activities .
the central propaganda department , the science and technology department , and the china association of scientists will jointly sponsor a large science popularization drive called " let science be closer to life and let the general public understand science " from the second quarter through the fourth quarter .
central propaganda department deputy head liu peng spoke at the forum .
beijing , 28 mar ( xinhua ) - - this afternoon , li lanqing , vice premier of the state council , met with us secretary of education richard riley and his party at zhongnanhai .
li lanqing and riley exchanged views on enhancing sino - us educational exchanges and cooperation , as well as other issues of common concern .
chinese education minister chen zhili and us ambassador to china joseph prueher also attended the meeting .
riley came to visit china on 26 march at the invitation of the chinese education ministry .
during his visit , chen zhili and riley signed , on behalf of their respective governments , the " agreement between the government of the people 's republic of china and the government of the united states of america for the cooperation in educational exchanges . "
beijing , 28 mar ( xinhua ) - - foreign minister tang jiaxuan held talks with visiting italian foreign minister lamberto dini here today .
the two sides had a deep exchange of views on bilateral relations and international issues of common concern in a friendly , frank and sincere atmosphere [ zai you hao tan cheng de qi fen zhong 0961 0645 1170 0982 6134 4104 3049 3050 0022 ] .
italy is china 's important trade partner in the european union and the potential for trade and economic cooperation is very great . the two countries also share identical and similar views on some important international issues .
china is willing to make joint efforts together with italy to promote the long - term and stable development of sino - italian relations .
dini said that the italian government is willing to maintain high - level state - to - state contacts with china and to further develop cooperation in various fields , including encouraging italian enterprises to actively take part in the development of the western region in china .
he also reaffirmed support for china 's entry into the world trade organization at an early date .
the foreign ministers of the two countries also exchanged views on the taiwan and human rights issues .
tang jiaxuan pointed out that the recent election in taiwan was a local election in china . no matter who has been elected , the fact that taiwan is a part of chinese territory cannot be changed .
facts have proved that dialogue is the only correct way to deal with differences on the human rights issue between the two sides .
he expressed appreciation for italy 's stand of holding dialogue and not practicing confrontation and hoped it will continue to play a positive role in this respect .
dini emphasized that the italian government will continue to adhere to a one - china stand , and will not have any official relations with taiwan at present or in future .
the international community should acknowledge china 's achievements in human rights , and italy will continue to stand for carrying out dialogue and exchanges with china in this field .
dini arrived in guangzhou on 26 march to begin his visit to china at the invitation of tang jiaxuan .
the national conference for secretaries of the discipline inspection commission under public security departments and bureaus is being held in beijing 28 - 29 march .
he urged public security organs to reinforce their law - enforcement measures against specific problems ; and put to an end , to the maximum degree , a number of practices that have violated the law and discipline , such as extorting confessions by torture .
among the measures they should take for this purpose are the establishment of a system for open hearings , open mediations , and open trials of public security cases and traffic accident cases ; as well as the establishment of a system for the masses to report cases to the security authorities and to give feed - back .
lee teng - hui used to denounce the beijing authorities ' demand that taiwan observe the " one china " principle as " duck despot " behavior and " hegemonism . "
the " one china " principle was not beijing 's invention , nor is a patent of the chinese mainland government .
the " one china " principle is a principle of the whole chinese nation , a principle upheld and observed by the entire chinese people in all parts of the world . the mainland authorities just inherit and safeguard this principle .
first , taiwan belongs to china , the settlement of the taiwan issue must be based on the " one china " principle , which is the valuable legacy of the chinese nation . it is a sacred principle safeguarded by the ancestors and older generations of the chinese people with their blood and lives .
the offspring of the chinese nation has no right and is not eligible to change or abandon this principle .
as early as in the qin and han periods , taiwan was already part of china 's territory .
at the news conference , zhu rongji announced that the chinese people will stop taiwan independence with their blood and lives . this was immediately denounced by some people as being " unfriendly , " " irresponsible , " and " unfavorable to the settlement of the taiwan issue . "
in fact , zhu rongji just followed the teachings of the chinese nation 's ancestors and said what chinese people should say .
during the eight - year anti - japanese war , the chinese people safeguarded the " one china " principle on the taiwan issue for the second time .
if beijing gives up the " one china " principle and allow or connive at taiwan 's independence , will they live up to the wishes of the ancestry ?
according to opinion polls , over 90 percent of people on the chinese mainland support cross - strait reunification , and over 80 percent agree that action be taken to stop taiwan independence even at the costs of blood and lives .
the opinion poll published by taiwan 's " china times " on 15 march showed that only 9 percent of people in taiwan support taiwan independence .
however , it is certain that the number people support one china far exceeds the number of people supporting taiwan independence .
therefore , there are sufficient grounds in terms of international law for claiming that taiwan is part of china , and this is a fact commonly accepted by the international community .
when the un general assembly adopted the resolution on restoring the legal seat of the prc in the united nations and at the same time expelling the representatives of the " republic of china , " the action itself showed that the international community only recognizes one china , that is , the people 's republic of china .
in recent years , the taiwan authorities tried to return to the united nations every year , but they were rebuffed every year . last year , taiwan 's attempt was rejected jointly by all the five permanent members of the un security council .
the united states also repeated again and again that it adheres to the " one china " policy and the " three noes " policy without change . is all this just a simple " commonplace " ?
beijing has once again declared that there will be no foundation and prerequisite for any peace talks if the taiwan leadership does not accept " one china " principle , and they will never come into contact with any party and people who advocate taiwan independence .
it is hoped that the new leader in taiwan will really commit himself to seeking cross - strait peace and will prudently make a correct decision before it is too late , thus letting people on both sides of the strait and overseas chinese set their minds at rest .
two minutes later , moftec minister she guangsheng arrived at the venue for negotiations .
each of the teams consists of two dozen or so people .
when the talks started , the atmosphere was very harmonious . on behalf of the chinese government and the chinese negotiating team , minister shi guangsheng extended a warm welcome to the eu negotiating team .
when asked about the prospects for the talks , he expressed his belief that the present round of negotiations was moving in a positive direction and that the chinese side is optimistic about this .
the official also stressed that whether a substantive outcome can be achieved at this round of talks , depends , to a large extent , on eu 's attitude , that is , their asking price .
except for those terms to which china is unable to commit with all wto members , china will give active consideration and response to other eu demands .
he hoped the eu team will hold talks with the chinese side with a pragmatic and positive attitude in order to reach a bilateral agreement on china 's wto accession at an early date .
after the last round of negotiation , which was held between 21 and 24 february , the chinese side said that differences between both parties were very small .
at about 0200 this morning , an explosive accident took place at the laoke station of the qichun county motor transport company , damaging nine automobiles at varying degrees .
a nearby resident called chen told this reporter that at the time when the explosion took place , he heard three loud sounds and then saw flames rising high toward the sky .
gan xuebao , director of the county public security bureau , said that after receiving the report on this accident , the public security and fire - fighting department sent two fire engines to the site and controlled the spreading of the fire .
it was guessed that the person who was suspected of causing this explosion was a worker of this company .
this person hanged himself after exploding automobiles with dynamites .
the details of this accident are still under investigation .
both sides held friendly and frank talks on the issue of china 's entry into the world trade organization .
chinese state councillor wu yi , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation [ moftec ] shi guangsheng , vice minister of foreign affairs wang guangya , and moftec chief representative for negotiations long yongtu were present at the meeting .
i. china 's state - owned enterprise [ soe ] reform is at a key time and in a critical stage by the mid-1990s the business climate had undergone a qualitative change .
the greatest impact on enterprises was : - - market forces were replacing planning .
- - the opening to the outside world of the chinese market was evolving further .
as to enterprises , the most direct impact was that the critical moment for the excellence through competition of a market economy had really arrived .
it was a time of many challenges , as well as a host of opportunities .
market share and profits were concentrated in these enterprises , with their name - recognition growing quickly .
meanwhile , long - standing deeper soe conflicts were also being fully exposed .
they were mainly : - - a system conflict caused by the lack of separation between government administration and business management .
- - the conflict of lagging business institution innovation and operating forces unsuited to market competition .
in recent years , a sizable number of enterprises have been in a state of stopped or semi - stopped production , with up to 10 million soe employees being laid off or seeing their wages stopped or reduced .
the exposure of such conflicts lowered the overall operating efficiency of our state - owned economy .
while state - owned industrial enterprises now account for roughly two - thirds of our industrial capital and 70 percent of banking loans to industry , they create only one - half of our gross industrial output value .
soe inefficiency has affected china 's potential for sustained economic growth .
at present , market restraints are growing markedly stronger .
but a polarized soe order is evolving quickly .
this has left the desired state that should have appeared of large - scale enterprise reorganization , structural adjustment , and institution innovation unfulfilled .
means of intensifying soe reform grounded in years of reform practice , the fourth plenary session of the 15 th central committee issued a " resolution " on soe reform and development in september 1999 , to better clarify the means of intensifying soe reform . 1 .
- - we need to shift our stress on running each soe well to a strategic adjustment of our state - owned economic order , concentrating on fields in which the state must control and provide public service , to bring into better play the irreplaceable role of the state - owned economy .
we need to make a strategic adjustment of our state - owned economic order since competitive lines have already converted to a buyer 's market , it is neither possible or essential at this time for state finance to support a state - owned economy with so many lines and of such large size .
as an economy of diverse ownership forms develops quickly , it is both possible and essential for our state - owned economic order to undergo a strategic adjustment .
so we need to change the state in which the state - owned economic front is too long and has endemic control of all fields of our national economy , so that our state - owned economy can enter some fields and withdraw from others , doing some things but not others .
set up a corporate asset system , in which enterprises independently operate corporate assets and are liable for their own profits and losses . 3 .
form a scientific corporate management structure .
we need to act in line with the " company law " to set up an enterprise leadership and organization system , to evolve enterprise incentive and restraint forces .
we need to make a strategic reorganization of soes stressing the large and deregulating the small china now has around 230,000 soes which are duplicate and decentralized in their industrial distribution , with the large not having evolved an economy of scale , while the small lack market vitality .
between large enterprises and medium and small businesses , we need to evolve an enterprise group structure of specialized production and socialized coordination , to raise overall operating efficiency . 6 .
we need to downsize for efficiency , increasing equity and lowering debt due to historic reasons , soes are generally subject to surplus personnel , heavy debt , and heavy social burdens .
certain areas have also taken steps to take over from government enterprise - run social service agencies such as hospitals and schools , with 3,000 such agencies likely to be transferred a year nationally .
to improve the enterprise equity - debt makeup , we first need to stop inefficient or low - efficiency enterprise investment , conscientiously ending low - level duplicate construction , while supporting many means for enterprises to attract new investors and increase their equity .
qualified ones can attract foreign investment for grafting and cooperating .
the state has assigned boards of supervisors to wholly state - owned enterprises , to oversee enterprise finances and operating achievements . 9 .
for reform to succeed , we need to not only design good reform plans , but also reform our related innovation climate , dealing properly with all related interest relations , to overcome resistance .
in light of china 's two decades of reform practice , as well as the international expertise that we can draw on , i believe that reform will succeed through our sustained and steady practice and exploration .
beijing , 28 march - - it is understood that the financial regulatory authorities in china will implement a system of using real names for savings accounts starting next month .
dai xianglong , governor of the people 's bank of china [ pboc ] , revealed this january that the plan for a real - name savings system has been drawn up , and is expected to be introduced this year .
that is , before the implementation of the real - name savings system , money deposited under pseudonyms can be withdrawn under pseudonyms . however , starting from the day of the implementation of the real - name savings system , real names must be used .
dai xianglong noted : when implementing the real - name savings system , it is not difficult to request savings account holders to use their real names . however , we need time and a lot of investments to form a national network .
he indicated : after the implementation of the real - name savings system , banks will keep account holders information strictly confidential .
in specific terms , the main benefits of implementing the real - name savings system compared with the system of registering names for deposits , are as follows : first , the real - name system helps protect depositors interests .
second , the system helps improve depositors credit .
the reason is that banks and other financial organs no longer have to worry too much about debtors defaulting on due debt payments , and thus do not have to resort to all kinds of terms to guarantee the recovery of principal and interest for loans .
fourth , the system helps improve the tax collection system .
moreover , it is imperative to collect inheritance tax as the market economy develops .
under the real - name system , personal funds can be deposited in many financial organs . however , there is only one real name and one set of identification card numbers for one person .
it is therefore easier to make inquiries and statistical compilations on a person . this will impose an objective restriction on people who attempt to receive bribes and ill - gotten wealth . in other words , it makes it difficult to hide ill - gotten wealth .
last monday , on its international page , the " nanfang dushi bao , " an affiliate of " nanfang ribao " of the guangdong provincial cpc committee , published a photo of " tianfang , " a islamic sacred place in saudi arabia and , above the photo , was another photo of five cloned piglets .
the incident quickly drew reactions from muslims in other provinces .
it has been learned that , the shenzhen city party committee , the guangdong provincial cpc committee , and even high - level leadership in beijing , have been concerned about the incident .
nanjing , 29 mar ( xinhua ) - - china will have a law to abide by while patrolling its borders and administering the social order of vessels along its coasts .
the " provisions governing border patrol and administering social order of vessels along the coasts [ hereafter termed ' the provisions ' ] , " published by the ministry of public security on 15 february , will be formally enforced on 1 may 2000 .
at present , new situations and new problems concerning the administration of marine social order continue to pop up . problems where offshore fishing vessels operated beyond their designated marine areas or territories recurred repeatedly . criminal activities including illegal emigration , smuggling , drug - trafficking , piracies , and marine thefts rose gradually over the years .
in the past , our rules and regulations governing border patrol lagged behind ; in particular we did not have unified national provisions governing vessels along the coasts .
" the provisions " have 42 articles in six chapters . they are china 's first departmental regulations for facilitating a standardized and regulated administration over border patrol and social order of vessels along the coasts .
the meeting urged : while implementing " the provisions , " various local frontier guard departments under the ministry of public security must persistently enforce them according to law . they must strictly abide by law - enforcement procedures . they are strictly forbidden to levy fines which are beyond their authority , or which are too excessive .
they should intensify the examination and supervision over law - enforcement in some key links , including how law enforcement personnel handle cases and their administration over certificates and vessels .
they should abide by the requirement that police affairs must be open , and self - consciously accept the masses ' supervision by publicizing various operational systems and work procedures .
in the first spring of the new millennium , " deng xiaoping on tourism " edited by the central documentary research office and the state tourism bureau was officially published .
this is an important event in the tourist industry throughout the country , and will play a major guiding role and produce far - reaching historical influence for further speeding up the development of the tourist industry in our country in the new century .
being general architect for reform and opening up in our country , comrade deng xiaoping consecutively made five speeches in the period between october 1978 and july 1979 to stress the need to greatly develop tourism .
comrade deng xiaoping pointed out : " the tourist industry may make great accomplishments . prominence should be given to its development , and its development should be speeded up . " " tourism should become a comprehensive industry . "
all these important ideas put forth by comrade deng xiaoping concretely embodied the spirit of the third plenary session of the 11 th cpc central committee , and represented deng xiaoping 's ideological line of emancipating people 's minds and seeking truth from facts .
while studying comrade deng xiaoping 's ideas about developing tourism , we should comprehensively implement the government guidance strategy , and actually run tourism as a comprehensive industry .
efforts should be made to enhance the economic efficiency , social effects , and environmental effects . all departments concerned should actively cooperate and support the development of the tourist industry .
while studying comrade deng xiaoping 's ideas about developing tourism , we should give full play to the resources advantages and speed up the pace of developing tourism in the central and western regions of our country .
by reviewing comrade xiaoping 's instructions in those years and then viewing the situation in the central and western regions , we find that tourist resources definite constitute a major part of the capital for development and regeneration .
while studying comrade deng xiaoping 's ideas about developing tourism , we should give better play to the role of tourism in the building of socialist spiritual civilization .
tourism is not only an economic sector , but also an important position in the building of spiritual civilization .
at present , the tourist industry in our country is facing a very favorable opportunity for its development .
the most important factor is that the party central committee and the state council attach great importance to the tourist work and pin ardent hope on the development of tourism . president jiang zemin , chairman li peng , premier zhu rongji and other leading comrades have made many important instructions in this regard .
successfully carrying out work this year will have the significance of continuing the cause .
to implement the spirit of the two conferences , it is first of all necessary to closely grasp the center , that is , economic construction .
to implement the spirit of the two conferences , it is necessary to work hard to successfully carry out the construction of socialist politics and culture and to advance coordinated economic and social development , under the precondition of being dictated by and serving the center , that is , economic construction .
it is necessary to unwaveringly adhere to the policy of " pursuing two matters and being tough on both " and to continually improve the standard of construction of socialist spiritual civilization .
it is necessary to vigorously implement the strategy of using science and education for revitalizing the country and the strategy of sustainable development and to accelerate the development of science and education ; especially , it is necessary to vigorously to develop high science and technology and to further enhance the effort to combine science and education with economics .
it is necessary to correctly grasp the relationships among reform , development , and stability and to attach great importance to , and properly handle , contradictions among people under the new situation .
cpc and government leading cadres at all levels must conscientiously arrange for cadres and ordinary people at large to study the spirit of the two conferences in an effort to comprehensively , accurately , and deeply understand the spirit of the documents .
it is necessary to diligently pursue implementation and to work creatively , so as to rapidly turn the spirit of the two conferences into work practice of one 's own locality , department , and unit .
it is necessary to vigorously promote the practice of open government affairs , to encourage the masses of the people to supervise cpc and government workers at all levels , especially leading cadres , and to give full play to the supervising role of public opinion .
the people 's congress system is a system of socialist democracy suited for our national conditions .
deputies to people 's congresses at all levels should continue to maintain extensive contact with the masses , perform their duties as deputies , and participate in the handling of state affairs , so as to play an important role in advancing reform , development , and stability .
the cppcc represents a system of political consultations of multiparty cooperation under the leadership of the cpc .
the 21 st century is just around the corner .
beijing , 29 march ( xinhua ) - - the party central committee and state council made a major policy decision of actively restructuring agriculture and devoting major efforts to developing agriculture that gives higher economic returns , on the basis that our country 's agriculture has entered a new stage of relative surplus in agricultural products .
many localities gained successful experiences in that aspect after they made efforts to explore . however , some other localities reported a series of problems . to sum up , peasants have fears [ san pa 0005 1830 ] .
first , peasants fear cadres who issue confusing orders [ xia zhi hui 4219 2172 2264 ] .
despite the fear of incurring debts instead of increasing incomes , peasants have to plant and fine strains that have been blindly introduced by cadres who have not analyzed the market thoroughly before forcefully popularizing the strains .
second , peasants fear that they will purchase bogus or inferior seeds and seedlings , or backward and outdated agricultural technologies .
the peasants fears highlight and reflect existing problems in agricultural restructuring . they show that restructuring is a formidable job . we should actively push restructuring forward , but should pay more attention to finding ways to solve present problems , and strive to ensure that the restructuring work proceeds healthily and steadily .
how do we carry out agricultural restructuring ?
agricultural restructuring is needed because of changes in the relations of market supply and demand . things produced according to old lines of thoughts are no longer marketable .
if one fails to study markets in a serious and thorough manner , one cannot accurately tell the directions and trends of markets . as a result , one will be exposed to tremendous risks during restructuring .
agricultural restructuring is a major matter that requires us to study market demand , and at the same time understand clearly suitable strains for us to plant and breed .
in other words , we should solve the problem of combining ideals with realities .
if we make the most of our strengths while avoiding our weaknesses , we will truly find a meeting point for local characteristics and markets .
we will be placed in an invincible position in market competition if we work on this meeting point .
third , we should insist on respecting the peasants wishes . historical experience proved that we could whip up mass enthusiasm , and our work would proceed smoothly , if we fully respect the wishes of the masses .
respecting the masses wishes does not mean cadres at all levels will have nothing to do or accomplish .
by providing service , one has to sincerely and wholeheartedly think in terms of the masses , and earnestly solve all kinds of problems encountered by the peasants pre - , during , and post - production .
when cadres at all levels solidly accomplish their jobs , they will provide powerful support for peasants to develop agriculture that is oriented toward quality and economic returns , and peasants will be able to discover new ideas for achieving prosperity in agricultural restructuring .
accurate analysis and assessment of the situation with the anti - corruption campaign is the prerequisite for correct policy as well as the basis for strengthening confidence in the fight against corruption .
full confidence in the anti - corruption campaign primarily stems from the correct line , guiding principle , and policy for anti - corruption established by the party .
maintenance of healthy development of momentum throughout the anti - corruption campaign along with continually deepening advances as a result of the consistency of anti - corruption policies and practices have brought full confidence in the anti - corruption campaign .
only if we take hold of this excellent development impetus can we continually make strides in the anti - corruption campaign .
currently , the anti - corruption campaign situation is still as grim as before . the gaining momentum of some of the negative corruption phenomena has still not been effectively contained , and the results that have been achieved are still far short of the demands of the central committee and the expectations of the masses .
we must recognize the seriousness and the urgency of this campaign as well as its long - term nature , complexity , and formidability .
it is necessary to resolutely implement the principles and policies on placement of demobilized army officers formulated by the central authorities by proceeding from the high plane of ensuring good circulation and publicizing of government decrees .
song defu , head of the leading group for placement of demobilized army officers under the state council and personnel minister , presided over the meeting .
guangzhou , 29 mar (zxs) - - guangdong governor lu ruihua met and feted a trade delegation from the us state of massachusetts , led by governor argeo paul cellucci , in guangzhou last night .
lu ruihua welcomed cellucci 's delegation .
lu ruihua briefed the visitors on guangdong 's economic development in the past two years . he said that guangdong is working to develop industries that adopt new and high technologies , primarily the information industry , and expressed the belief that the visit by governor cellucci 's delegation would promote bilateral cooperation in this respect .
cellucci 's delegation is visiting guangdong province at the invitation of lu ruihua .
the state of massachusetts and guangdong province formally established sister ties in november 1983 . for many years , the two sides have engaged in rather fruitful cooperation in economics , trade , science and technology , health , education , and other fields .
whoever pursues " taiwan independence " will not come to a good end - - lee teng - hui is just a living teaching material by way of negative example .
in the early days after he took power , before he was able to stand firm by himself , he also loudly chanted " one china " and advocated " unification . "
however , not long after that , with his appeasement and shielding , " taiwan independence " elements and " taiwan independence " organizations in exile returned to taiwan one after another ; as a result , " taiwan independence " activities became increasingly open and legalized in taiwan .
and , his own so - called " one china , one taiwan , " " one country , two governments , " " two political entities , " " two chinas as a phase , " " two states theory , " and other absurd theories came out one after another .
he let people cherish illusions of him , yet not dare to really trust him , and he made use of such a situation to carry out step by step his splittist plot .
take the recent activity to change taiwan 's leaders for an example : the word in taiwan had it that it was a " switch - over voting " plot manipulated by lee teng - hui , and some people 's " theory of being deceived . "
over the last few years , lee teng - hui has pushed cross - strait relations to an extremely dangerous situation .
he used up all of his tricks , but the consequences were that the kmt was split and he himself was forced to step down ; contradictions between taiwan 's social groups have deepened and social conflicts have intensified ; and the " taiwan independence " force has become rampant and stability in the taiwan strait has been undermined .
the demand by the people of taiwan for his ouster was an inevitable result of development of the situation .
they play political tricks , deceive the people , consider themselves clever and act accordingly , but actually they are the most foolish .
lee teng - hui was like this and those following his steps can also be like this , and eventually will inevitably end up utterly discredited .
if they do not think so , they may wait and see .
the standard for giving annual relief grain for each mu of grain plot that is returned to forests and grasslands are 300 jin for areas on the upper reaches of chang jiang , and 200 jin for areas on the upper and middle reaches of huang he .
the sources of relief grain for areas where grain pots are returned to forests and grasslands will be arranged locally or in the neighborhood in an overall manner by the provincial people 's governments .
in principle , the supply will be mainly based on the circulating commodity grain of state - owned grain purchasing and marketing enterprises in the locality . when necessary , the provincial authorities may use local reserve grain or apply for central reserve grain .
grains that are not examined or not up to standard are not allowed to be supplied to peasants in these areas .
these procedures state : the grain departments at all levels should be responsible for the organizational work of grain supply and state - owned grain enterprises will be entrusted to undertake the issuance of grain and the cashing business .
the grain transportation expenses would be undertaken by the local finance .
enterprises undertaking the grain supply task should issue grain to peasants in areas where the grain plots are returned to forests and grasslands according to forestry departments ' proof of the progress of returning grain plots to forests and grasslands and the quality examination and acceptance and in line with the state stipulated standard for giving subsidy .
townships and towns without purchasing networks may set up temporary supply networks and should basically attain the goal that each and every township and town undertaking the relief grain supply task will set up one supply network to make things convenient for peasants to receive grain .
consequently , the issues have attracted global attention . the chinese government is doing its utmost to ensure the project of actively developing china 's western regions as a national strategic policy decision can be materialized smoothly .
the question has become a focus of new exploration .
the gdp per capita in china 's western regions is only about 60 percent of the national average level . its industrialization level is 5.0 or 6.0 percent lower than the national average level . its industrial output value is only about 10 percent of china 's total industrial output value .
therefore , the government has thought about the fund - gathering issues long ago .
in 2000 , the state will begin to construct 10 major projects in china 's western regions .
the preparatory work for the project of transporting gas from western to eastern china was started recently . its first - phase construction investment amounted to 120 billion yuan .
the ratio of funds allocated for china 's western regions from treasury bonds raised in 2000 ( amounting to 400 billion yuan ) will be increased to 70 percent from 60 percent in 1999 .
though state fiscal polices are important for developing china 's western regions , the financial sector should also play important roles .
at present , the sdb proposed : to better accommodate the project of developing china 's western regions , we should establish new fund - gathering mechanisms with new concepts and new formats .
at present , we should strengthen coordinated interactions between state fiscal policies and banks , including the central government 's fiscal and monetary coordinated support , the local governments ' fiscal and monetary coordinated support , enhanced market mechanisms , and strengthened support from economies with special characteristics .
it has been learned : in 2000 , various financial organizations in xinjiang expect to provide nearly 10 billion yuan of funds to support local construction projects .
some localities in china 's western regions have improved their investment environment , whereas investors in eastern china have encountered relatively stiff competition .
the new york life insurance corporation recently signed letters of intent to invest $ 350 million with the governments of sichuan province and chongqing municipality .
various sectors also pay close attention to ways of mobilizing china 's nongovernmental funds to invest in china 's western regions .
once these polices are truly formulated and implemented , nongovernmental funds will greatly advance the process of developing china 's western regions .
after listening carefully to the participants , li lanqing addressed the meeting .
he said : basic research is the force driving the advancement of human civilization . it is also the source and backup force of scientific , technological and economic development , the precursor of new technologies and inventions , as well as the cradle for the fostering and training of scientific and technological personnel .
li lanqing pointed out : we have scored great achievements in basic research and made outstanding contributions to national economic and social development in the 50 years since the founding of new china .
we have scored achievements of international advanced standards in our basic research .
first , we should introduce the mechanism of competition .
there must be open , equal and fair competition in the support to be given to basic research institutions as well as in the approval of research projects , the selection of academic leaders , and the formation and growth of basic research teams .
third , we should raise the level of the management of scientific research and improve the overall planning and arrangement of basic research work .
the spirit of science is extremely rich in content , the quintessence of which is the quest for truth and innovation .
making intensified efforts to foster and select outstanding personnel should be one of the basic tasks of our basic research for some time to come . on the question of fostering and selecting outstanding middle - aged and young academic leaders , we must have a sense of urgency and greatly emancipate our mind .
li lanqing emphasized that we must continue to increase investment through multiple channels and at various levels .
state investment in basic research has been increasing these past years .
while mainly relying on government investment , we should positively guide and encourage investment in basic research through multiple channels .
li lanqing pointed out : party and government leaders at all levels , especially scientific research management departments , must show concern for the work and life of people engaged in basic research and help them solve actual problems so that they will not have anything to worry about .
scientists who have made outstanding contributions in basic research should be given the material and spiritual rewards they deserve . energetic efforts should be made to publicize their advanced deeds in order to create throughout our society a rich atmosphere and a good environment for respecting knowledge and upholding science .
zhou guangzhao , vice chairman of the npc standing committee , also addressed the meeting .
cppcc vice chairmen song jian and zhu guangya and responsible officials of the departments concerned , including chen zhili [ 7115 5267 4539 ] , lu yongxiang [ 6424 3941 4382 ] , li zhuqi [ 2621 0031 0366 ] , and chen jiaer [ 7115 9163 3167 ] , attended the meeting .
general zhang wannian , vice chairman of the central military commission , today [ 29 march ] met with visiting rear admiral abu taher , chief - of - staff of the bangladesh navy , and his party .
in international affairs , china and bangladesh always have mutual understanding and support and help each other with close coordination .
zhang wannian said : the chinese government appreciates very much and is grateful to bangladesh for its firm support and help on taiwan , tibet and human rights issues .
the development of military relations between china and bangladesh not only accords with the basic interests of the two countries but are also conducive to promoting peace and stability in the region .
touching on the taiwan issue , zhang wannian said : the taiwan question is an issue left by the history . the election in taiwan is a local election . whoever won in the election must adhere to the principle of " one china . "
chang wannian also introduced china 's current domestic situation and military building to the guests .
the government of bangladesh greatly cherishes and will continue to develop friendship between bangladesh and china .
bangladesh will continue to adhere to the policy of " one china . "
lieutenant general wu quanxu , deputy chief of the pla general staff , had a meeting with rear admiral abu taher earlier .
the bangladesh guests arrived in china for a visit at the invitation of the chinese pla navy commander vice admiral shi yunsheng .
when vladimir putin was elected president of the russian federation , chinese state president jiang zemin immediately sent a greeting message and warmly congratulated him through the hot line .
jiang zemin said : in the fundamental interests between china and russia or the special responsibility of the two countries for the world , it all calls on us to constantly strengthen and deepen the sino - russian strategic partnership [ zhong e zhan lue huo ban guan xi 0022 0192 2096 3970 0129 0133 7070 0190 ] .
chinese analysts are convinced that putin 's being elected president of the russian federation is favorable to the stable development of sino - russian relations .
his " four - no " policy is one more than the " three - no " policy put forward by us president clinton , namely " will not provide weapons to taiwan , " to show russia 's support to china 's efforts to protect national unification and territorial integrity .
china is a friendly neighbor of russia and so stability and development in russia will naturally be favorable to china .
analysts in china are also convinced that one of the reasons of putin 's winning in the election with an absolute majority is a good political foundation laid down for him by yeltsin .
yeltsin has not been in good health in recent years and was eager to find a successor , so he changed the post of the chairman of the government three times in one year .
last september , he promoted putin to the post of chairman of the government and tested putin 's ability to administer the country on the chechnya issue .
putin succeeded in doing well what was expected of him , took resolute measures and dispatched a powerful force to besiege and suppress the chechen rebel force . in three months , the capital and the chechen rebel leader were captured . he mollified and raised the prestige of the russian troops .
as to putin himself , he also has his strong points .
although he is sprung from the federal security service , he also has profound knowledge on economic issues .
his first challenge is how to handle the economic issue , especially the huge debts ( including some $ 200 billion foreign debts ) , and alter the past trend of relying on western loans .
it was learned that putin made a plan to rectify the economy together with his ministers and pledged to carry out reform of the market economy , change the situation of no control in the financial field , and strengthen the administration of state affairs in accordance with the law .
in the past few days , the police of uganda discovered some other mass graves of the murdered followers , making the death toll reach 760 , including 160 children .
after conducting investigations and collecting evidences , the pertinent authorities of uganda admitted that it was caused by the cult leader who murdered his followers for money . this has fully exposed the cult 's ugly and vicious nature of anti - mankind , anti - society , and anti - science .
cults are the cancer in the development of human civilization , and anti - science is the common characteristic of all cults .
uganda 's " movement for the restoration of ten commandments of god " was founded by joseph kibwetere in 1989 .
because all the doors of the church were nailed shut , all the people in the church , including 78 children , were burned to death by the raging flames , together with the church itself .
thus , kibwetere and his colluders outrageously and ferociously created this " mass suicide incident . "
the leader of this cult claimed that all the believers burned to death in this church " volunteered to go up to heaven . "
however , this is not the fact , according to the investigation of uganda police .
that day , many people tried hard to run out of the church for their lives , because many corpses were found piling up in front of the church 's doors .
among the 230 corpses dug out from the mass graves , it was found that many were hanged to death with ropes or were poisoned .
the uganda government already began investigating this incident and adopted a series of measures to prevent such incidents from happening again .
cracking down on cults is not only the urgent task of the afflicted countries but also the common duty of the international community .
recently , some countries afflicted by cults have adopted resolute measures one after another to crack down on cults in order to ensure social stability .
zhu rongji elaborated on china 's principled stand on the taiwan issue , emphatically pointing out that whoever in taiwan takes power must not pursue " taiwan independence , " and that " taiwan independence " in any form will not be allowed .
zhu rongji asked the united states to fully realize the importance and sensitivity of the taiwan issue .
president jiang zemin and president clinton have set forth the direction and established a framework for the development of sino - us relations facing the 21 st century . china and the united states should continue to work jointly for this .
zhu rongji said : facts show that developing economic and trade cooperation between china and the united states benefits both sides .
china and the united states reaching a bilateral agreement on china 's wto entry was a " win win " result .
china hopes that the united states will conscientiously perform its relevant commitments .
those attending the meeting included chinese vice foreign minister yang jiechi , sun zhenyu , chinese vice minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , and prueher , us ambassador to china .
he said : developing friendly and cooperative relations , including military relations , with china is kazakhstan 's important priority policy .
in recent years , the relations between chinese and kazakh armed forces have also maintained a good development momentum , and the friendly and cooperative relations at all levels and in all fields between the two armed forces have developed continuously .
cooperation between china and kazakhstan on the issue of opposing national separatism is conducive not only to the security and stability of the two countries but also to the peace and stability in the central asian region and even the world at large .
we hope that both countries will continue to expand cooperation and make concerted efforts to strike blows at national separatist and extremist religious forces and international terrorism .
tokpakbayev said : just after kazakhstan was founded , president nazarbayev stressed opposing any form of national separatism .
this kazakh stand has remained unchanged up to now .
the chinese side attaches great importance to sino - kyrgyz relations and is willing to make a solid effort to build trans - century good neighborly , friendly , and cooperative relations with kyrgyzstan together with the kyrgyz side so that the peoples of the two countries will be friendly to each other from generation to generation .
he said : when kyrgyzstan met difficulties , it was china that gave it sincere help . " a friend in need is a friend indeed . " the chinese people are our trustworthy friends , and the kyrgyz government and people will never forget this .
kyrgyzstan is willing to actively develop good - neighborly , mutually trustworthy , friendly , and cooperative relations with china and strengthen the exchanges and cooperation with china in various aspects with a view to building the 1,100 - km - long common boundaries of the two countries into an example of peace , friendship , and tranquility .
topoyev said : kyrgyzstan will never allow the national splittist force to unfold china - splitting activities within its territory . pertinent departments of the two countries should strengthen coordination and take measures to commonly strike at the activities of national splittist religious extremism , and international terrorism .
sergeyev expressed great joy over the meeting again with chi haotian two months after their last meeting .
the maintenance of regular contact between high - ranking leaderships of the two armies is conducive to promotion of further development of friendly cooperative relations between the two armies .
chi haotian said he was very happy for the opportunity of meeting his excellency the minister today to continue exchanging opinions on bilateral cooperation , regional situation and issues of common interest .
china and russia support and closely cooperate with each other on major international issues . both have played an important role in safeguarding world peace and stability , and opposing hegemonism and power politics .
the chinese side maintains that the chechnya issue is an internal affair of russia , and china fully understands and completely supports the action taken by the russian government to safeguard national unity , territorial integrity and social stability .
the election of the regional leader in taiwan and its result cannot change at all the fact that taiwan is part of chinese territory .
the chinese side appreciates the russian side for its consistent understanding on the taiwan issue .
russia and china bear the important responsibility of safeguarding world peace , and will continue to cooperate with each other in this regard .
he reiterated : russia has supported all along the principled stand of the chinese government on the taiwan issue , and maintained that the taiwan issue is an internal affair of china , and taiwan is an inseparable part of chinese territory .
chi haotian gave the people in russia the good wish of building a more prosperous and powerful country and a happier life under the leadership of new president putin .
elmer feng said explicitly : " i believe the mainland has already made proper military preparations . "
he indicated that he arrived at the above conclusion based on information provided to him by the relevant beijing side and his own assessment .
beijing , 29 mar - - the new round of negotiations between china and the european union (eu) on china 's accession to the world trade organization (wto) entered a second day today .
the representatives of both parties talked for about two and a half hours this afternoon without making any breakthrough progress .
they have decided to continue the talks tomorrow morning .
the meeting lasted about 75 minutes .
at the end of the meeting , lamy 's spokesman anthony gooch indicated that the talks were still at an " initial stage . "
he said : " our purpose in coming to beijing this time is to bring about a bilateral agreement between china and the eu .
the ongoing contacts and some others that will soon be held will help us reach this objective . "
gooch did not make any direct comment about the talks between lamy and premier zhu .
looking at it from another angle , however , chen shui - bian is inclined to form a temporary cabinet government .
he emphasizes that the real key lies in whether chen shui - bian will himself declare his position on the " one china " principle . chen shui - bian 's personnel will certainly not focus on it .
the rights of black people and all other people of color are not protected .
historically , the united states had practiced slavery for a long period and was the only country among so - called western " civilized countries " enforcing slavery at home .
as early as in 1926 , the " slavery convention " was signed by countries in the world to ban slavery . in 1956 , a " supplementary convention to ban slavery , buying or selling slaves and systems and customs similar to slavery " was adopted in the world . the united states joined the two conventions .
in other words , slavery was legal in that state before the approval of the 1995 resolution .
this is indeed a big joke in a country that calls itself a " human rights defender . "
since the united states says it respects human rights , why did n't it take care its mississippi state problem first ?
this explains that racism and racial prejudice are deep - rooted in the united states .
second , the united states is a country that worships violence for serious criminal cases .
each day , when one opens the newspaper , there will be many reports on frightening crimes of violence .
before the ending of the investigation , another vicious shooting case happened in texas with four people being killed and two others wounded by a ruffian .
the fundamental cause of those killing cases is a result of not banning people from owing private guns according to the us constitution and laws .
according to a news dispatched by afp in washington : " during a period of six weeks after the new millennium , the number of criminal law offenders in the united states reached one - forth of the total number of criminals in the world . "
the large increase of crimes shows the serious and common nature of violent crimes in the united states and explains that human rights are not protected in the us society .
third , the united states is a country with the biggest economic gap among its own people in the world .
according to a report by the " chicago tribune " on 6 september 1999 , in the past 20 years , the wages of almost all workers have decreased while their working hours have increased .
when they are seriously ill , they can only wait to die .
fourth , the united states is a country that adopts a warlike policy toward other countries and practices hegemony .
as everyone knows , the military expenditures of the united states ranks first in the world .
for the united states having such a large military budget is certainly for the purpose of launching aggressive wars abroad and interfering in other countries ' internal affairs .
the united states relies on its strong military power to engage in unjust military ventures everywhere and infringe upon sovereignty and human rights of other countries .
since the beginning of the 1990 s , the united states used forces abroad more than 40 times .
in short , the us human rights records are very poor at home and abroad .
pyongyang - - after entering the new millennium , the dprk party , army , and youth papers published a joint editorial calling on the entire dprk people to work hard and " set off a greater upsurge for the second 1,000 - mile horse movement . "
dprk is a country whose mountainous areas account for 80 percent of the territory . with only limited arable land , the per capita arable land of dprk stands at only 0.2 acre .
the dprk party and government have energetically launched all types of huge and grand mass movements and is setting off an upsurge of production in all areas across the country .
its electric power and industrial sectors have conscientiously implemented and carried out the principle of simultaneously building large , medium - sized , and small hydropower stations and vigorously popularized cijiangdao 's experiences in building small hydropower stations .
by the end of last june , more than 5,000 small and medium - sized hydropower stations had been built and put into operation in the country and this has gradually eased its power shortage , a longstanding problem .
all types of grand and spectacular movements have greatly mobilized the lofty sentiments on the part of the broad masses of people in building the motherland and " live for tomorrow " has turned into a standard slogan upheld by various papers in recent years .
this year , the government has called for mainly strengthening and stepping up production in several key bottleneck sectors , including electric power , coal , metallurgy , railroad transportation , and some other sectors .
over the past year , the dprk has improved its relations with the united states , japan , and some other countries and has widened its channels of economic cooperation with the outside world . the whole dprk people have also displayed ardent enthusiasm in production and construction .
faced with hardships , the dprk people have demonstrated a super ability of endurance and perseverance as well as a staunch will .
when interviewed by this reporter , dprk comrades unanimously stated with firmness : " no matter how rigorous the test or how dangerous the road ahead is , we will resolutely forge ahead by braving difficulties and march forward with a smile . "
such an optimistic spirit , a staunch will , and a thirst for a better future displayed by the dprk people will certainly become a powerful motive force behind the dprk 's economic development .
the task of perfecting income distribution structure and pattern is arduous , and it is a pressing matter of the moment to further merge china 's economy with the world economy , increasingly internationalize the domestic markets , and enhance industrial competitiveness .
taking into account the internal and external environments for china 's economic development from all aspects , we are entirely capable of maintaining a comparatively high speed of growth to lay a solid foundation for basically realizing the drive for modernization by the mid 21 st century .
the sustained and rapid growth of the past 20 years has laid down a comparatively solid material and technological foundation for the giant advance of infrastructure construction , particularly in the fields of communications , telecommunications , energy , and so on , and has augmented the reserved strength of economic development .
the relatively high ratio of resident deposits , which has all along maintained at about 38 percent since the 1990 's , has been the source of funds supporting the rapid economic growth .
the rich human resources , high proportion of young and middle - aged population , notable cost advantages , and the state 's measures to lighten the burdens of state - owned enterprises , divert surplus personnel to other jobs , and separate the functions of running social undertakings are all conducive to heightening labor productivity .
therefore , long - term and painstaking efforts are still needed to enhance the people 's living standards .
the current phenomena of inadequate effective demand and excess of some products and production capacities have emerged under the condition of low social productive forces and low overall living standards of the people .
how to expand domestic demand and open up domestic markets is a momentous issue that has a bearing on the overall situation of china 's future development .
the adjustment and optimization of the economic structure is the fundamental measure for precipitating economic development and heightening the quality and effectiveness of economic growth .
being a large developing country , china still has extremely arduous missions for achieving industrialization , and its task in infrastructure construction is far from being completed .
- - pushing forward the quality education in a comprehensive way and quickening the tempo of scientific and technological advancement to heighten the ability of technological innovation .
science and technology and education are the leading forces of economic and social development , and innovation is the soul of national progress and the inexhaustible motive force of a country 's prosperity .
we need to expedite scientific , technological , and educational restructuring to fundamentally break with the structure that hampers their development , resolve the problem of science and technology being divorced from the economy , and institute a national innovation system to enable enterprises to genuinely become the main body of technological innovation .
while continuing to positively import foreign advanced , applicable technologies , we should put in a lot of time and energy to digest and absorb them and enhance the ability of conducting research and development by ourselves in a bid to bring about a big leap in technology at a higher level .
it is necessary to steadily expand the scale of enrollment for tertiary education , raise the attendance rate of colleges and universities , positively develop various kinds of vocational education , adult education , and modern distance education , constitute a lifetime education system , and broaden the channels for bringing up talented personnel .
- - implementing the strategy of developing the western region on a large scale , quickening the pace of central and western development , and promoting the coordinated regional economic development .
implementing the strategy of urbanization and accelerating the tempo of urbanization is both an impassable historical stage toward modernization and a crucial move to solve numerous contradictions in economic and social development .
all the enterprises with foresight and sagacity which came to china in the earlier period to make investment and enthusiastically transfer technologies have effectively opened up china markets , yielded excellent returns , and scored achievements that could hardly be attained in other countries or regions .
in the next 10 years , china will continue to further the modernization drive on a large scale and become the world 's fastest " board " of economic growth and largest market with growth potential .
the advance of china 's development , reform , and opening up will certainly open vast vistas for trade development and economic cooperation between china and various countries in the world .
washington , 29 mar ( xinhua ) - - at a white house news conference on 29 march , us president clinton again stressed that the us government will continue to pursue the policy of one china .
he said us - chinese relations will plunge into a " critical stage " if the united states abandons the policy of one china .
commenting on the us - chinese agreement on china 's entry to the wto reached in november 1999 , clinton said the agreement will increase employment opportunities and promote economic development in the united states .
he said that from the perspective of long - term international economic and national security interests , there is no issue more important than that of supporting china 's entry to the wto .
if the united states refuses to give that status to china while the latter enters the wto , then benefits gained by the united states through negotiations will flow to europe , japan , and other wto members . " the economic consequences will be bad . the national security consequences will be worse , " he said .
he called for the congress to grant china the status of permanent normal trade relations this spring .
comrade jiang zemin 's " talk on education issues " contains profound , penetrating expositions on a series of major issues of a fundamental and orientation nature in china 's education work .
it stresses particularly the urgency and necessity of comprehensively implementing the party 's education policy and of grasping well the ideological education of young people .
he stressed the need to make ideological - political education a top priority in schoolwork , and this has helped lay the foundation of ideological education in school .
in the late 1980 s , the situation at home and abroad became very complicated , and chaos appeared on the ideological front .
this statement played an enormous role in changing the passive situation that once plagued the ideological education of young people .
at last year 's national education conference , he again earnestly admonished comrades on the education front : " ignoring ideological - political education , education in historical knowledge , and personality cultivation will result in a large degree of one - sidedness , and this often affects people 's entire life .
this fully demonstrates the party central committee 's strong resolve to implement the strategy of developing the country through science and education and its strong emphasis on education work . it fully reflects the concern and expectation of the party and government about the healthy growth of the younger generation .
strengthening and improving young people 's ideological work is an urgent task facing the education front in the new period since the beginning of our reform and opening up , we have scored enormous achievements in reforming and developing education .
loving the party and the country , being active in their thinking , and aspiring to become qualified personnel are the mainstream among the vast number of young people .
however , we must also soberly realize that great changes have taken place in both the external environment surrounding the growth of young people and the characteristics of their physical and mental development .
on the other hand , money worship , pleasure - seeking , individualism , and other decadent ideologies and all kinds of ugly phenomena appearing in society today have also had a great deal of negative impact on our young people .
on top of this , our several - thousand - year old feudal culture still exerts its influence on us .
all these have interfered with the formation of correct ideals , faith , outlook on life , values , and morality among young people .
in his speech , comrade jiang zemin pointed out : " correctly guiding and helping the healthy growth of young people to enable them to achieve all - round moral , academic , physical , and artistic development is a major issue with a bearing on the orientation of the development of education in china . "
our vast number of education workers should realize that strengthening and improving young people 's ideological education is the inevitable requirement and concrete manifestation of the comprehensive implementation of the party 's education policy . to comprehensively implement the party 's education policy , the paramount task is to strengthen and improve young people 's ideological education .
this is the fundamental principle that guarantees our education goal and orientation do not deviate from the correct course .
therefore , we must always comprehensively implement the party 's education policy in concrete practice and truly ensure that young people 's ideological education has a clear objective and is effective and consistent .
he profoundly pointed out : " as to quality , ideological - political quality is the most important quality .
consequently , strengthening and improving young people 's ideological education is an important measure for comprehensively conducting quality education and improving education quality in an all - round way .
improving school 's ideological education is an important link in grasping well young people 's ideological education .
they should make an effort to establish an ideological education contingent with homeroom teacher , lecturing teachers , young pioneers , and communist youth league and students management cadres as the backbone .
we must strengthen and improve young people 's ideological education and regard this task as systems engineering .
to understand this idea , it is important to understand how to analyze and resolve education issues from the point of viewing the interaction of systems and matters .
we should realize that in systems engineering , the success of ideological education directly affects and determines the success of the entire education project .
at the same time , ideological education itself is also systems engineering .
not only education guidelines , principles , contents , approaches , and methods are interconnected , but educators , the educated , and the education environment are also interconnected through interaction and mutual checks .
only through coordination and concerted efforts can ideological education produce good results .
in systems engineering of ideological education , family education constitutes the foundation of the healthy growth of young people .
because ideological education is rich in content and involves a broad range of issues and complicated operations , we need to make constant effort to increase our understanding of it and explore its theory and practice .
in conducting work , education departments should profoundly understand the role of ideological education in the entire education process while fully realizing the role of school , family , and society in young people 's ideological education .
school should strive to do a good job of ideological education for young people . at the same time , we should urge families and society as well as other quarters to show concern for and support young people 's education and help develop a general environment conducive to the healthy growth of young people , physically and mentally .
young people and students are the most enthusiastic , vigorous , and creative forces in our society . they are the future and hope of the motherland .
the fifth anniversary of the promulgation and entering into force of the " people 's police law of the people 's republic of china " fell on 28 february 2000 .
the people 's police law is a law that establishes the basic people 's police system of china and is a foundation and safeguard for the comprehensive codification of the public security work into the legal system .
i. public security organs all across the country have been performing their duties according to law , bestowed upon them by the people 's police law , and continuously strengthening organizational management and the building of the police force , thus ensuring the comprehensive enforcement of the people 's police law .
as a basic law for public security work , the people 's police law contains stipulations that cover all aspects of public security work and the building of the police force . the enforcement of the people 's police law by public security organs permeates all aspects of their work .
advanced collectives and individuals that have served the people outstandingly , such as the traffic police corps of jinan , 110 command center of zhangzhou , donglai police substation , and qiu eguo [ 6726 1230 0948 ] , have been given much praise by the party and the public .
the definition of the powers of the people 's police is the core of the people 's police law .
stringently performing their duties according to law is a basic requirement on public security organs in enforcing the people 's police law .
third , they have reinforced the supervision on law enforcement and developed and improved both internal and external supervisory mechanisms .
fourth , they have been administering the police strictly with a view to building a high - quality public security force .
building a powerful public security force is the precondition and basis for making a success of public security work .
besides , the implementation of the method for compensating bereaved families of policemen , the setting up of the pension fund for public security heroes and martyrs , and the implementation of the " golden shield project " have steadily strengthened the policing safeguard .
fifth , the body of public security laws and regulations has improved steadily and the building of the legal system for public security has developed comprehensively .
thanks to many years of efforts , there are laws to go by for many principal aspects of public security work and various tasks related to public security work and the building of the police force have been gradually brought onto the track of the legal system .
first , it is necessary to conduct , in greater depth , the education on the aim of serving the people wholeheartedly among the entire police force of the public security community and further reinforce the awareness of service and of this aim .
second , it is necessary to start with the common denominators and tendencies of public security law enforcement work and keep up the intense effort to promote stringent , impartial , and civilized law enforcement .
stringent , impartial , and civilized law enforcement is an eternal theme of public security work . it is urgently required by the further enforcement of the people 's police law by public security organs and also a conclusive way to truly making public security work satisfactory to the people .
third , the reform of the public security organization system should be intensified .
the " three educations " are complementary to the enforcement of the people 's police law .
he said that he and his " falun gong " would " never participate in politics or interfere in state affairs " and that he is not interested in " politics and political power . " this advocacy of li hongzhi which tried to deceive everybody confused many innocent practitioners indeed .
even today , a few ignorant and stubborn persons have complained loudly about the alleged injustice toward " falun gong . "
in fact , a just conclusion had been made .
let us listen to li hongzhi 's remarks .
he said : " at present social problems have emerged in an endless stream and no government can resolve them . "
now that the system in force could not resolve the social problems , the only way is to offer the seat to li hongzhi and his " falun dafa . "
first , after he " emerged in public , " li hongzhi did everything aimed at building the " falun gong " organizations into well - organized evil forces that are quick in command and united in action .
in this way , during the recent two years , he instructed people to besiege press units and government organizations on more than 300 occasions until such a extremely serious political incident as the " 25 april " incident .
facts fully showed that in addition to hankering for politics and power , li hongzhi and his " falun gong cult organizations " even went so far as to openly challenge society .
outwardly , his remarks of " showing no interest in politics " is just aimed at trapping the kindhearted people and making these victims serve as " cannon fodder " for realizing his political scheme .
now the truth has been laid bare and those who have been deceived should completely wake up .
" the chinese cats must catch the chinese rats . only by answering the fundamental questions about china 's modernization road will we be able to develop the chinese school of sociology . "
at the commemoration rally , li tieying delivered a speech entitled " sociology can accomplish a lot. "
li said : today , the old , middle - aged , and young scholars have met here to celebrate the 20 th anniversary of the founding of the institute of sociology and this is of great significance to china 's academic history .
speaking of the historical task of sociology , li pointed out : the questions faced by china 's modernization will have to be answered by our sociological research personnel .
for instance , how will several hundred million peasants realize modernization ?
what characteristics will new community organizational forms display ?
what role will families play in the future social development ?
there are also some other issues , such as the question of several hundred million farmer workers traveling from place to place , and so on . all these are the major issues which cannot be evaded by china 's modernization .
founded in 1980 , institute of sociology of the chinese academy of social sciences had only two doctors 10 years ago . now the number of doctors has risen to 24 .
the talks began at 0930 ( 0130 gmt ) this morning and ended at nearly 1100 ( 0300 gmt ) .
the negotiations in the afternoon began at 1330 ( 0530 gmt ) .
the eu side declined to disclose whether or not today 's third negotiations would be held this evening .
it has also been revealed that the proved reserves of over 150,000 ore fields of the over 200,000 ore fields which have so far been found in china are already known , making china one of the few countries in the world with more varieties and large reserves of proved mineral resources .
at present , the total yearly yield of chinese minerals is as much as 6 billion tons , accounting for 6.3 percent of the total national industrial output value . and mineral mining can provide over 15 million job opportunities throughout the country .
meanwhile , a large number of iron ore production bases have also been built in anshan , baotou , hainan , and other areas , with a total yield of 230 million tons .
china has scored brilliant achievements in the exploration and development of coal .
it has been discovered in prospecting that about two third of china 's mineral resources are in central and west china and most of these mineral resources still need further prospecting and exploration .
attending the meeting were general chi haotian , prc defense minister ; lieutenant general tokpakbayev , kazakh defense minister ; lieutenant general topoyev , kyrgyz defense minister ; marshal sergeyev , russian defense minister ; and colonel general khairullaev , tajik defense minister . 1 .
the consensus reached by the five countries in border affairs and military confidence - building has manifested the new type of security concept featuring mutual benefit , mutual trust , equality , and cooperation , helped consolidate mutual trust and good - neighborliness , and made constructive contributions to ensuring the stability of the entire region . 2 .
all sides express firm commitment to implement the agreements firmly and comprehensively .
the defense ministers express satisfaction over the good beginning in the work of the joint supervision group for organizing and coordinating verification that is composed of representatives from the five countries and maintain that it is beneficial to use this group to probe into the issues related to confidence - building in the military field . 3 .
the defense ministers maintain that the international situation is experiencing a profound change , and that the development trend of multipolarity has become increasingly evident .
all sides point out : hegemony and power politics are still threatening world peace and stability .
only when a peaceful , stable , fair , and rational international political and economic new order is established , can sustained peace and prosperity be realized in the 21 st century . 6 .
all sides emphasize the need to reinforce the system of non - proliferation of arms and promote the early validity of the comprehensive nuclear test ban treaty . 7 .
the defense ministers reiterate support to the resolution on " safeguarding and abiding by the anti - ballistic missile treaty " endorsed by the un general assembly in 1999 .
all sides emphasize that the treaty is the foundation for strategic stability and an important condition for global development in disarmament .
the defense ministers point out that deployment of the theater missile defense [ tmd ] system in asia - pacific region will possibly result in damage of regional stability and security . 8 . all sides express support to the proposal for central asian countries to establish a nuclear - free zone in their region .
they hope that future treaties on establishing nuclear - free zones will conform to the purpose and goals of nuclear - free zones so that they will be acknowledge by the international community , including nuclear countries . 9 .
all sides are determined to continue consolidating the security in central asia , which constitutes the foundation for security which is aimed at maintaining long - term peaceful cooperation , and which should not be undermined by the intervention of the forces outside the region .
for this purpose , the five countries will strengthen consultations and cooperation between their defense departments . 10 .
all sides express understanding of and support to china 's desire and efforts for national reunification and reaffirm that there is only one china in the world and taiwan is an inalienable part of china 's territory .
they support the stance of the chinese side on opposing any country to include taiwan in the tmd plan in any form . 11 .
all sides express grave concern over the military confrontation that is still continued in afghanistan , which poses a serious threat on regional and international stability .
all sides unanimously maintain : as has been proven in history , the afghanistan issue cannot possibly be settled through military means .
the communique , in quintuplicate , is signed in astana city on 30 march 2000 . each copy of the communique consists of both chinese and russian versions , which are equally valid . [ signed ] general chi haotian , minister of defense of the prc .
beijing , 30 mar ( xinhua ) - - state council vice premier qian qichen met with a delegation to beijing from the hong kong federation of various sectors led by hung ching yuen at zhongnanhai this afternoon .
we have upheld settling the taiwan issue by means of the principles of " peaceful reunification , and one country , two systems , " but we cannot commit ourselves to giving up the use of force .
if interference by foreign forces occurs , if taiwan independence occurs , or if the taiwan issue is indefinitely put off , we shall have to adopt all necessary measures to safeguard state sovereignty and territorial integrity .
he who seeks " taiwan independence " will come to no good end .
qian qichen hoped the people of all sectors in hong kong will make positive contribution to strengthening cross - strait cooperation and exchanges in various fields .
yi il - hwan said : dprk youths will work for the constant development of dprk - chinese traditional friendship , nurtured by leaders of the older general of our two countries , in the new century .
the dprk guests arrived china for a visit at the invitation of the cyl central committee .
the two sides exchanged views on a wide range of issues .
in answering a question on the middle east peace process , sun yuxi said : the palestine issue is the core of the middle east issue .
since the madrid peace meeting in 1991 , with common efforts of the two sides and efforts made by the international community , important progress has been made in palestinian - israeli peace talks .
he said : china is of the view that supporting and helping the palestinian people to regain their legitimate democratic rights , including enabling them to return to their homeland and build an independent state , is a due responsibility and obligation of the international community .
china hopes that palestine and israel will abide by the agreements reached between them ; and , on the basis of the relevant un resolutions , with a flexible and pragmatic attitude , and through formal talks , will resolve the palestine issue and restore the palestinian people 's legitimate democratic rights as early as possible .
foreign minister tang jiaxuan held talks with him .
today , central foreign affairs office director liu huaqiu met with him .
this afternoon , president jiang zemin will meet with him .
he said during the meetings and talks , the two sides exchanged views on sino - us relations , the taiwan issue , china 's accession to the world trade organization , us permanent normal trading relation with china , non - proliferation , and international and regional issues of common concern .
china has reaffirmed its principled stand on the taiwan issue and urged the united states to fully understand the sensitivity and complexity of the current situation , take real measures to adhere to the one - china principle , and abide by the three sino - us joint communiques .
to this , berger said the relations between the united states and china are at a crucial moment .
li lanqing , member of the cpc politburo standing committee and vice premier of the state council , attended the conference and delivered a speech .
he pointed out that the state council has decided to carry out the fifth national census on 1 november . as it is a census at the turn of the centuries , it is of extremely important significance . hence , careful arrangements should be made to ensure its success .
as a major survey on the national conditions and national strength , the census is a huge social systems engineering .
those who violate the stipulations set forth in the " law of statistics " and the " procedures for the fifth national census , " interfere in the census work , and fabricate census data must be sternly dealt with in accordance with the law .
in order to do a good job of the census , the state council and pertinent departments have drawn up relevant supporting policies .
in accordance with the stipulations of the " procedures for the fifth national census , " governments at all levels must do a good job of selecting and transferring personnel to ensure the quantity and quality of the personnel needed for the census .
the local governments which have not made arrangements or have not made adequate arrangements for the funds must carry out the work in no time .
governments at all levels should adopt every effective means to organize and guide the work properly , and mobilize the masses and social forces to participate in the census .
various news media should actively cooperate by making full use of the television , broadcast , publications , and other lively forms of propaganda to penetratingly disseminate the great importance and basic knowledge of the census , publicize various state stipulations and policies regarding the census , and make them known to everybody in every household .
all citizens should fulfill their own obligations and report the relevant conditions and data accurately .
the census organizations at all levels and the vast numbers of census workers should perform their duties conscientiously to ensure the high quality of source data of the census .
he stressed that governments at all levels should effectively carry out various tasks of the census .
beijing , 30 mar (zxs) - - foreign ministry spokesman sun yuxi today urged concerned authorities of japan to make greater efforts for the development of sino - japanese friendly relations and not to do anything unfavorable to the great cause of china 's reunification .
it has been reported that chen shui - bian [ ch ' en shui - pien , ] the newly elected leader of the taiwan region , planned to invite representatives of political parties and governments of various countries to attend ceremonies related to his inauguration .
sun yuxi solemnly pointed out : the taiwan issue is completely an internal issue of china .
the japanese government clearly and solemnly stated to china on various occasions its stand on the taiwan issue and made a series of solemn commitments .
at today 's news briefing of the foreign ministry , sun yuxi again reiterated : there is only one china in the world and taiwan is an inalienable part of chinese territory .
china resolutely opposes any countries which have diplomatic relations with china establishing official relations with taiwan or engaging in exchanges of any kind of official nature with taiwan .
in his speech , zhang wannian extended cordial greetings , on chairman jiang zemin 's behalf , to all comrades who worked on the military scientific research front and experts and scholars who had made outstanding contributions to the military scientific cause .
we must further strengthen leadership over military scientific research work . party committees and leaders at all levels must put military scientific research on the agenda as a regular , important task , make a definite plan for its implementation , and create necessary conditions for its completion with good results .
present at today 's conference were relevant leaders of the four general departments of the chinese people 's liberation army , the academy of military sciences , and the general office of the central military commission .
wen jiabao pointed out the need to gain a full understanding of the important significance of land greening .
china has made tremendous achievements in greening its land and last year , afforestation and greening maintained a positive momentum of development .
but we must also be soberly aware that the situation concerning china 's ecological environment remains rather grim and water losses and soil erosion are serious .
the deterioration of the ecological environment is severely jeopardizing and hampering the sustainable development of our national economy and society . improving the ecological environment has become an urgent requirement of economic and social development and the effort to improve the people 's standard of living .
it is necessary to have a heightened sense of urgency and responsibility , rise to action immediately , extensively mobilize millions of members of the public to involve themselves in the greening of their motherland , and speed up the process of creating a new , beautiful landscape .
wen jiabao stressed that making a success of this year 's land - greening work with a conscientious effort is of great significance to comprehensively expediting the construction of a new ecological environment in china in the new century .
the main tasks of afforestation at present are manifold . first , the all - people voluntary tree - planting campaign should be continued .
an active effort should be made to explore new mechanisms of bringing into play the forces from various quarters and enabling them to participate in afforestation in various ways .
second , the urban and rural greening process should be comprehensively accelerated .
it is necessary to adhere to the principle of letting urban areas lead rural areas , letting rural areas spur urban areas on , joining urban and rural forces , and moving forward in synergy .
third , conditions should be created for the improvement of conditions for agricultural production and the ecological environment and for the realization of sustainable agricultural development .
fourth , this process should be integrated with the strategy of developing the western country in a big way .
western regions should face the reality of a fragile ecological environment and focus their greening endeavors on the protection of the ecological environment and restoration of forest and grass cover .
all departments concerned should give energetic support to relevant industries in the greening campaign .
eastern regions should strengthen their cooperation with central and western regions , by developing forests and pastures in various forms , including acquiring shareholding through investment , joint exploitation , and cooperation for mutual benefit , so as to promote the joint development of the greening cause .
second , it is necessary to rely on scientific and technological advancement to raise the standard of land greening .
third , it is necessary to perfect the mechanisms and arouse the general public 's enthusiasm in afforestation .
mental mobilization and material incentives should be combined to benefit the public taking part in afforestation in real terms ; investors in different regions , industries , and under different forms of ownership should be encouraged to engage themselves in afforestation .
fourth , it is necessary to manage forests in strict accordance with law and comprehensively strengthen the protection of forest and pasture resources and the fruits of afforestation .
new progress should be made in legislation on land greening and new measures introduced to intensify law enforcement .
fifth , it is necessary to unify people 's understanding and conscientiously strengthen leadership over greening work .
the responsibility system based on greening targets should be upheld ; the tasks for afforestation , greening , and resource protection should be further clarified ; and substantial help should be extended to grassroots organizations in solving any practical problems they may encounter in their greening work .
after the reshuffle , the chairman of the pboc monetary policy committee is dai xianglong , governor of the pboc , and its vice chairman is liu tinghuan , pboc deputy governor .
since july 1997 , the monetary policy committee has held nine regular meetings and submitted reports to the party central committee and state council on matters concerning the monetary policy , successfully carrying out its functions as a consultative body .
following is the full text of the speech .
i am extremely glad to meet my old friends again and to make new friends here .
i want to express my heartfelt thanks to the host for its cordial invitation and warm reception !
during the " shanghai five countries " summit initiated in april 1996 , the agreements on confidence - building in the military sphere and on the mutual reduction of the armed forces in the border areas were signed one after another .
after the two agreements came into force , the five countries have done a positive and fruitful work to honor the agreements .
we believe that all the five countries will strictly abide by the agreements without violating the stipulations .
as far as i know , china and russia will conduct another test examination in suifenhe in china 's heilongjiang province in mid - april .
ignoring the established principles governing international relations , some countries have advocated that " human rights are above sovereignty " and have used " human rights " and " humanity " as an excuse to interfere in the internal affairs and infringe upon the sovereignty of other countries .
however , we must notice that some countries still cling to the cold war idea and continue to intensify the military alliance , thus increasing the regional unstable factors .
the cooperation based on mutual benefit and the common development are the economic guarantee for safeguarding peace and security .
and , holding dialogues , negotiations , and talks based on equality is the correct channel to solve disputes and safeguard peace and security .
we support russia 's resolute measures against chechen and support russian government 's sacred cause of safeguarding national unification and territorial integrity .
we also support the efforts made by the middle east countries to safeguard the national and regional peace and stability .
we value our relations with middle - east countries , sincerely hope for the long - term stability and continuous economic development in this region , and also hope that all the countries in this region will live together in peace and strengthen mutually beneficial relations of cooperation with neighboring countries .
the joint statement issued by " shanghai five countries " summit in bishkek definitely stipulates : " no country is allowed to use its own territory to engage in the acts that damage the sovereignty , security , and social order of any of these five countries . "
as defense ministers , we are duty - bound to carry this consensus out .
our refusal to give up the use of force is not directed against taiwan people but is directed against foreign forces and taiwan independence forces .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks your countries for the consistent understanding and support to the chinese government 's stance concerning the taiwan issue . we look forward to your continued great support .
in conclusion , i want to emphasize that it is of great significance that we defense ministers of five countries meet here for the first time right after the beginning of this new millennium . this indicates the new beginning of the cooperation in the sphere of military security among our five countries .
thank you !
the establishment of the central discipline work committee for enterprises is of a great significance in promoting the building of a sound party style and a clean administration in major and key state enterprises .
they should observe the relevant disciplines and stipulations concerning the discipline inspection and supervision work , resolutely get rid of the bureaucratic style of work , and make active efforts to help grass - roots units remove their difficulties and worries .
they should step up their studies , and constantly enhance their work ability and work level .
zhang hong , member of the central work committee for enterprises and secretary of the central discipline work committee , delivered a report at the meeting , in which he made work arrangements for this year 's discipline inspection and supervision work in major and key state enterprises .
we should conscientiously impose " five prohibition 's , " which were put forward at the fourth session of the central commission for discipline inspection , on the leading personnel of state enterprises .
when carrying out the discipline inspection and supervision work in enterprises , we should implement the eight - character principle of " education , supervision , punishment , and protection , " regarding education as the basis , supervision as the guarantee , punishment as the means , and protection as the purpose .
he urged relevant enterprises to establish and perfect their own discipline inspection and supervision organs , work hard to enhance the quality of their discipline inspection and supervision cadres , and build up a contingent of outstanding inspection and supervision cadres in enterprises .
the meeting was presided over by wang ruixiang , deputy secretary of the central work committee for enterprises .
beijing , 30 mar ( xinhua ) - - not long ago , strong northwest wind blew some surface soil of the loess plateau to the sky over shanghai , causing serious floating dust air pollution and muddy rains in shanghai .
to improve the ecological environment is a task of prime importance in the large - scale development of the western region .
tian fengshan , minister of land and natural resources , said : ecological improvement in the western region will benefit not only the region itself , but also the entire country .
one of the major tasks in the large - scale development of the western region is that in the next 10 years , 50 million mu of hillside cultivated land with a slope of more than 25 degrees in the western region will be restored to forest - land or grassland .
several decades from now , when the mountains and rivers in the western region become beautiful , the people across the country will see bluer sky and clearer river water .
it can be anticipated that in a period to come , the huge demand of the western region for building materials , engineering machinery , industrial equipment , electronic products and other supplies will greatly stimulate the production of relevant industries and make a large number of enterprises free themselves from their current situation of operating under capacity .
when the infrastructure in the western region becomes adequate , particularly when the people there enjoys better transport facilities , a developed economy and higher living standards , their dormant consumption demand will become vigorous .
the preparatory work for building the project of " transferring gas from the west to the east " - - a pipeline between xinjiang 's tarim basin and shanghai - - is being stepped up .
popularizing the use of clean and inexpensive natural gas in large and medium - sized cities will effectively enhance the economic efficiency of enterprises , reduce industrial pollution , and bring convenience to the people ' daily life .
the proved reserve of sylvite in qinghai 's qaidam basin accounts for more than 90 percent of china 's total proved sylvite reserve , and the conditions for exploitation are very good .
according to experts ' forecast , the products to be produced by this project will have a quality as good as that of imported products , but they will be much cheaper and therefore benefiting the vast number of peasants .
to this reporter 's knowledge , various provinces in the western region either have formulated or are formulating relevant policies , trying to attract more domestic and overseas investors with good service and market economic benefit .
the investment opportunities are for various scales of investment and spreading in many fields , such as infrastructural construction , exploitation of natural resources , ecological environment improvement , tourism , agricultural and animal husbandry restructuring , deep processing industry , and restaurants and other catering businesses .
creation of a large number of job opportunities will be a great benefit to be brought to the people by the large - scale development of the western region .
for a period to come , there will be a huge demand for qualified personnel in the fields of economic management , ecological construction , engineering technology and management , exploitation of natural resources , and tourism management .
in the past , a large number of migrant workers had swarmed to southern china . today , migrant workers are beginning to move westward . in the past , scientists , technicians and college graduates sought jobs in the southeastern region .
beijing , 30 mar ( xinhua ) - - state council vice premier wu bangguo met gary tooke [ jia li tu ke 0502 6849 0956 0344 ] , former chief executive of the us - based motorola corporation , and his entourage in zhongnanhai today .
tooke indicated that since it began making investments in china , motorola has established a cooperative relationship of mutual trust and benefit with china and will further expand its investment in china .
astana , 30 mar (xinhua) - - general chi haotian , vice chairman of the central military commission , state councillor , and concurrently minister of national defense , met here this afternoon with sherali khairullaev , defense minister of tajikistan .
chi haotian said : china and tajikistan are friendly neighboring countries , and peoples of the two countries have their traditional friendship .
since the establishment of diplomatic relations between the two countries , their bilateral ties have been developing steadily , and their fields of cooperation have been constantly expanded .
the chinese side appreciates and thanks tajikistan for its consistent support of china 's clear - cut stance on taiwan , tibet , and human rights , and on opposition to national splittism .
chi haotian added : strengthening coordination and cooperation , making concerted efforts to oppose religious extremism and international terrorism , including joint efforts to strike blows at national splittist forces in the interest of safeguarding regional security and stability conforms with the fundamental interests of the peoples of the two countries .
khairullaev said : president rakhmonov and president jiang zemin have laid a solid foundation for the development of the ties between the two countries .
the tajik people greatly value their friendship with the chinese people and the chinese army . they believe that china is a truly friendly neighbor and sincere partner of tajikistan .
khairullaev pointed out : international terrorism , religious extremism , and bellicose national splittism have become a common problem facing many countries in the world . we should join hands to strike effective blows at them .
an incident of hijacking hostages happened in the southern part of tajikistan last year . tajikistan and several of its neighboring countries took joint action against it . this was a good example in this regard .
in the future , tajikistan will continue to make efforts to safeguard its own and regional security and stability .
in exchange for these bribes , he recommended seven cadres to higher - level organizations and departments , promoted and transferred 42 section - level cadres , adjusted work positions of 10 persons , and gave conveniences to 11 persons in the way of work transfers , speeding up allocation of funds , and awarding project contracts .
according to relevant provisions of the criminal law , ding yangning has committed the crime of corruption . he is sentenced to life imprisonment , deprived of political rights for life , and punished with a fine of 50,000 yuan . whatever he gained through his crime shall be confiscated and turned over to the state treasury .
during my visit to india in 1996 , i reached a consensus with your leaders on establishing a constructive , cooperative sino - indian partnership oriented to the 21 st century , thus opening a new page for bilateral relations .
we are also pleased to see that the current sino - indian relations have entered a new stage of improvement and development .
as the two largest developing countries in the world , china and india share a vast common understanding and conduct much good cooperation in handling international affairs .
prc state council premier zhu rongji sent a telegram to indian premier atal behari vajpayee , warmly hailing the 50 th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and india .
india is one of the first countries to establish diplomatic ties with china following the founding of new china .
with the profound changes in the international situation of today , as the two largest developing countries in the world , we are charged with the important tasks of developing economies and raising the people 's living standards .
at the dawn of the new century , i believe that the common historic missions and responsibilities surely will prompt china and india to jointly advance and bring into the 21 st century a peaceful , stable , and friendly relationship between china and india .
beijing , 31 mar ( xinhua ) - - chinese foreign minister tang jiaxuan sent a telegram to his indian counterpart jaswant singh to warmly celebrate the 50 th anniversary of the establishment of sino - indian diplomatic relations .
with similar national situations , china and india share a vast common understanding and common interests , thus constituting a firm foundation for our friendship .
i am especially very pleased to call in mind the successful visit to china by your excellency in 1999 . since then , bilateral relations once again have entered a process of improvement and development .
a bright prospect for developing sino - indian relations is now arising .
the chinese leaders of three generations have paid attention to developing good - neighborly and friendly relations with india .
astana , 31 mar ( xinhua ) - - general chi haotian , vice chairman of the prc central military commission , state councilor , and concurrently minister of national defense , left astana for home this morning by plane , after satisfactorily attending the defense minister meeting of china , kazakhstan , russia , kyrgyzstan , and tajikisktan .
kazakh president nazarbayev met with the defense ministers of china , russia , kyrgyzstan , and tajikistan who were attending the defense minister meeting .
vice chairman chi haotian met with kazakh defense minister lieutenant general tokpakbayev , russian defense minister marshal sergeyev , kyrgyz defense minister lieutenant general toboyev , and tajik defense minister general khayrulloyev . after discussion , they reached broad unanimity on the issue of developing bilateral relations featuring military friendship and cooperation and the issues of common concern .
the above - mentioned " opinion " points out : over the past five decades following the founding of new china , especially since the start of reform and opening - up , the social welfare work in this country has made considerable progress and played a positive role in building the socialist material and spiritual civilizations .
in particular , due to the current trend of big families being replaced by small ones , there is a fast - growing need for socialized service to take care of old people .
also , both special care given to disabled people and orphans and conditions provided for their recuperation need further improvement .
the " opinion " stresses that governments at all levels and departments concerned should , through the implementation of special policies , support and give preferential treatment to social welfare organizations established with investments by various social sectors . 1 .
all localities should include in their economic and social development plans the numbers of welfare organizations and hospital beds under the welfare program as guiding targets . also , their infrastructure construction program should include the social welfare facilities they plan to build . 2 .
all city people 's governments should reduce or exempt the urban infrastructure construction fee on these facilities as appropriate . 4 .
the state should give preferential tax treatment to social welfare organizations , their welfare services , and the tertiary industries established and run by them . preferential tax treatment should also be accorded to welfare enterprises for settling the disabled and to donations made by various units and individuals in support of the welfare program .
the department concerned should process on a priority basis the applications for corporation registration submitted by social welfare organizations whose establishment was approved by the civil affairs department . as for welfare organizations established without the civil affairs department 's approval , the department concerned should not accept their applications for corporation registration . 6 .
beijing , 31 mar (zxs) - - at 1300 hours today , the eu representative office disclosed to the media outside the door of its mission to china that although china and the eu made some progress in the latest round of negotiations on china 's entry into the wto , they did not reach any final bilateral agreement .
at the invitation of shi guangsheng , minister of foreign trade and economic cooperation , eu trade commissioner pascal lamy arrived in beijing on 28 march to hold ministerial - level consultations .
china 's accession to wto will have a certain impact on our country 's economic , cultural , and other fields ; chinese cities will also be facing various challenges as the cities are combinations of all factors in social , economic , and cultural development .
in addition , each city should find out its own advantages and characteristics in the development of technology industries , properly draw up strategic plans for the development of science , technology , and education , and provide effective support for the development of high technology in the formulation of reasonable arrangements and plans for urban development .
for example , a high - tech estate should be set up in beijing 's zhongguancun , and urban planning should provide services for it .
second , along with the changes in the industrial structure , every city should make appropriately adjust and select its character and functions in the light of its own characteristics .
we have the advantages of comparatively low wages and high - quality labor force . accession to the wto will greatly expand our market and tap our potential .
when the textile industry is selected as the orientation of urban development , attention must be paid to a city 's own foundation and conditions . it is necessary to objectively analyze market demand and be good at giving play to the advantages . mass actions without proper planning and coordination should be prevented .
the railway grids are not evenly distributed : 54 percent of the railways are in the eastern part , 30 percent in the central part , and only 16 percent in the western part .
to meet the needs in the expansion of foreign exchanges after accession to the wto , all cities must further enhance the construction of transportation , telecommunication , water supply , water drainage , power supply , gas supply and other infrastructure facilities in their development plans .
a certain engineer regiment under the command of the general staff headquarters organized a research camouflage training under high - tech conditions in a certain place in northern china in late autumn .
reconnaissance teams from the " blue army " conducted reconnaissance on the targets of the " red army " from the air using high - tech reconnaissance devices of various types and did not found any real targets under camouflage .
the regiment was equipped with camouflage - painted motor vehicles , false target making vehicles , and camouflage reconnaissance vehicles one after another in recent years , and the regiment 's reconnaissance capability was thus enhanced to a certain degree .
to make the camouflage of important targets change along with different seasons , landforms , and reconnaissance means , they developed a computer auxiliary decision - making system , which can make both camouflage planning designs for targets under different conditions and provide plans for various auxiliary decisions on camouflage under complex wartime conditions .
to make static targets moveable , the task force engaged in tackling major technical hurdles worked without a letup for several months , made do with whatever was available , and thus succeeded in developing movable false tanks , false armored cars , and other false targets .
in the training sites , tanks and armored cars marched toward the areas under assault one by one , with their exhaust pipes spurting puff after puff of black smoke and their caterpillar treads leaving track after track of ruts behind them , thus making the camouflage effect more distinctive .
the one - man camouflage smoke launcher and assembled false target that they developed and improved won a third - class prize for military scientific and technological progress .
the task force led by engineer jiang shiwen succeeded in developing , through repeated experiments , a variety of shaped defilades , such as shaped umbrellas and shaped groves .
[ yan hua ] in the government work report written by chinese prime minister zhu rongji , in addition to the guiding plan of " speeding growth " was the guiding plan of food production , but it was n't included originally .
canceling the guiding plan of food production , canceling price supports for some types of foods , and implementing strategic reform were major events for a billion farmers .
for this reason , this journalist interviewed chen xiwen , who is a research fellow at the state council development research center , and also is the leader of the department of agricultural economic research .
chen xiwen has long been involved in agricultural economic theory and policy research . he worked on drafting documents for the central government regarding problems of farming villages . he wrote more than 10 books about this subject . he also published more than 150 dissertations and research reports .
does this mean that brown 's worries were without basis ?
take cereal , for example .
in 1998 , yield was 330.2 kg per acre , compared to 1992 , when it was 289.5 kg per acre , which is a 14% increase .
these years the food harvests have been good . those circumstances and necessary measures are reasons for this .
undeniably , there are many agricultural problems . between 1992 and 1993 , when the economy overheated , agriculture was ignored in many places . this caused a big loss of agricultural resources . the money and labor of some places went into real estate .
once the country implemented macroscopic economic reform , this situation eventually changed .
how do you view this ? [ chen ] regarding requirements for our agricultural products , the problem of quantity has already lessened .
last year the state department announced that beginning in 2000 , our country is going to start decreasing the scope of price controls and supports , so the price of low - quality food will no longer be protected .
the second - worst quality variety is the corn in the northeast . there is an idiom that says , " grow on the fire , harvest on the ice . " it means , the time to harvest the corn is when it is frozen to death . the corn is not completely mature .
but if you roast it , the kernel becomes flat and dry . it is poor quality and expensive . it is not easy to research and cultivate a new variety that can adapt to the cold northeast climate .
this is the third food surplus in recent years . the years 1984 and 1990 had food surpluses .
however , this did n't successfully promote higher - quality varieties . [ yan hua ] what is the difference between the agricultural reform this time and before ? [ chen ] before , agricultural reform was limited .
ancient people knew that logging and slash and burn land clearing were not good . but people had to feed themselves , so they had to do this .
but now , farm products are fully supplied . we now have the ability to encourage environmental ecology . for example , planting grass , protecting lakes , planned reforestation of farmland , and taking poor agricultural land out of cultivation .
beijing , 31 march ( xinhua ) - - chinese minister of foreign affairs tang jiaxuan sent a telegram to indian minister of external affairs singh jaswant , warmly congratulating the 50 th anniversary of the establishment of diplomatic relations between china and india .
prc minister of foreign affairs tang jiaxuan in beijing on 1 april 2000 .
also present at the meeting was chiu yi - jen ( qiu yiren ) , director of the dpp 's electioneering committee .
any attempt to negate the " one - china " principle is totally unacceptable , and will surely lead to serious consequences .
the leaders on both sides of the taiwan strait can have meetings and talks , yet such meetings and talks ought to be conducted on the basis of the " one - china " principle .
so long as it is within the framework of " one china , " everything can be discussed , including the various concerns of the taiwan side .
he believed that only when taiwan 's new leader discards his stand of " taiwan independence " and recognizes the " one - china " principle can the cross - strait relations undergo a positive progress .
liu xiaoping pointed out that the recent election held in the taiwan region as well as its results will not , and cannot , change the fact that taiwan is one part of the chinese territory .
he indicated : " we will judge taiwan 's new leader by his deeds , not just by his words .
" ' one china ' refers to the fact that there is only one china in this world , taiwan is one part of the chinese territory , and china 's sovereignty and territorial integrity is inseparable , " he noted .
however , if taiwan negates the " one - china " principle and attempts to separate taiwan from the chinese territory , then the basis for a peaceful settlement of the taiwan issue will no longer exist .
at present , the cross - strait relations and the china - us relations are both in the middle of an extremely sensitive period of crucial importance , liu xiaoming noted .
moftec minister shi guangsheng welcomes eu trade commissioner pascal lamy to come back again to beijing for more talks .
the current round of negotiations began the afternoon of 28 march and ended this morning .
gooch would not elaborate on what kind of progress has been made .
after concluding this round of negotiations , lamy will soon leave beijing and return to brussels to report the negotiation situation to the eu council and the 15 member states .
minister shi guangsheng welcomes commissioner lamy to visit beijing again for more talks . "
the meeting held that since being put into effect on 1 april in 1985 , the " prc patent law " has played an important role in encouraging invention and innovation , introducing foreign advanced technology , and promoting china 's advancement in science and technology and its economic development .
with the constant deepening of structural reform and china 's gradual opening to the outside world , new cases have arisen in the enforcement of the existing patent law .
the meeting decided that the " ( draft ) amendment to the prc patent law " will be submitted by the state council to the npc standing committee for review .
beijing , 31 march ( xinhua ) - - the following are the stipulations governing the real - name system for individual saving accounts : article 1 . in order to guarantee the facts of individual saving accounts and safeguard the legitimate rights and interests of the depositors , thereby , the provisions are stipulated .
article 3 . the financial institutions mentioned in the provisions refer to institutions doing individual saving business in line with the law inside chinese territory . article 4 .
individuals opening new saving accounts in financial institutions will be asked to show their own identification cards and use their real names .
when opening an individual saving account on someone 's behalf in a financial institution , the representative should show both his own identification card and the identification card of the person he represents .